http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	AMET University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCH_Academy_of_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCH_Academy_of_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green,Red,Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Abdul Wali Khan University Mardan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In pulvere vinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Salle_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Acharya Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Flower Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education for All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ANU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ఆచార్య నాగార్జున విశ్వవిద్యాలయ౦
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ATI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Paris Institute of Technology for Life, Food and Environmental Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institut des sciences et industries du vivant et de l'environnement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouches-du-Rhône
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-en-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/9th_arrondissement_of_Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Al-Khair University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Bireh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Baccalaureate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Albany Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Per libertatem ad veritatem (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Through freedom to truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Mihăileană University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aligarh Muslim University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	علیگڑه مسلم یونیورسٹی
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Negro_College_Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Alma Mater Europaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libreville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	الجامعة الأميركية للعلوم والتكنولوجيا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	We Nurture Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(from theBhagavad Gita, chapter 4, verse 39)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kollam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venkat_Rangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Mid-Essex Technical College,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Essex Institute of Higher Education,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Amcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arab Academy for Science, Technology & Maritime Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Scarlet and Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arcadia University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arizona Christian University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Christian_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Christian_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ADBU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Assam Down Town University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black and Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowing_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light in the Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Athenaea Manilensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueandorange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Athabasca University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For man's fulfillment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Autonomous University of Baja California (UABC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Monaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Seek and you shall find
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BI Blue #004976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	BPP University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	BPP University College of Professional Studies (2010)BPP College of Professional Studies (2005)BPP Law School(1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For the betterment of man.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xique-Xique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipiaú
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barreiras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Afonso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Computing_Education_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Şişli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beşiktaş
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daugavpils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jēkabpils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Goddess Saraswati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	विद्ययाऽमृतमश्नुते
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	काशी हिन्दू विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirzapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Wales, Bangor (1893-2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Buccaneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	200px|BarryUniversity Seal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	BECians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath,_Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GreenandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Judge Joy & Judge Lady (live bears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For Church, For Texas.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	बीर बहादुर सिंह स्पोर्टस कालेज, गोरखपुर
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorakhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandanaish_Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A Power for Good in Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Caritas Vera Nobilitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SB College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Pantone Orange 021
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackensack,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramus,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_for_International_Business_Administration_Accreditation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_of_International_Business_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bethany Theological Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Beykent Educational Institutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Baccalaureate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bir Kent Üniversitesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The right choice for a professional life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	பாரத் பல்கலைக்கழகம்
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering, Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bhavan's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Biblical Theological Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	বিধান চন্দ্র কৃষি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Bakewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jaipur Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Sā Vidyā Yā Vimuktaye)''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learning is that which Liberates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	बिरला प्रौद्योगिकी एवं विज्ञान संस्थान पिलानी
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Inspiring Musicians since 1886
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Alligator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bishop's Gaiters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sound learning strengthens the spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bishop State Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal blue&gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield,_West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summersville,_West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Empowering Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Baldwin the Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Brandon University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Tornado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tornados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Push on!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Christian_Schools_International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	School of Science and Art (1891)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Wycombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Technical University of Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Pampamahalaan ng Bulacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malolos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_del_Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	बुन्देलखंड विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CAHAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvisharam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CECOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peshawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	White donkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	La Técnica al Servicio de la Patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CIFAD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Cosmopoint International Institute of Technology (2007–2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black,WhiteandRed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durbanville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cabrini University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radnor,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontevedra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Beavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	California Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomona,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Bay blue, valley green and golden sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Rapids,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan,_Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellcome_Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AstraZeneca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Università di Arellano – Plaridel città università
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association_(Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Università di Arellano – José Abad Santos città università
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arellano University, Malabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Arellano sa Mandaluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	الكلية الكنديه الدوليه
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Canterbury Christchurch University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Caper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Xavier Junior College (1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Ray the Sea Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squamish,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Commission_on_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cardiff Metropolitan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cardiff University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Wales College, Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseann_Runte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Celtics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Carlton Trail Regional College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watrous,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Preparing effective leaders for the Church, ready to witness to Christ's good news of justice, love, and peace.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_of_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lundvél Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1954–1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BurgundyandGrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Theological_Education_in_South_East_Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Baptist Missionary Training School (1905–1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Estado ng Gitnang Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinoba-an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Forever learning.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Central Queensland (1992-1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundaberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CUK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Centrale_Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Centro de Enseñanza Técnica y Superior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	scientific, humanistic and technological
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiclayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockingham,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, White, Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Chaminade University of Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Louis Junior College (1955-57)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Champaknagar Model School And College'''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijoynagar_Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab,_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Coyote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin,_Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabiru,_Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Naik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learn From the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	tejasvi nāvadhītamastu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	കൊച്ചി ശാസ്ത്ര സാങ്കേതിക സർ‌വ്വകലാശാല
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Cymraeg_Cenedlaethol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmarthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Cymraeg_Cenedlaethol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abergele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llanrwst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Coleg Menai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor,_Gwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal BlueandRed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	25pxJohnny The Big Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangasinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Act Globally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	College of Applied Science,Vadakkencherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calicut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Engineering_Roorkee	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roorkee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Engineering_Roorkee	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roorkee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesnel,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenzie,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderhoof,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	God is love.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	College of Saint Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Norfolk College of Arts and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Cambridgeshire College of Agriculture and Horticulture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Isle College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Colleges of Applied Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salalah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Vipères
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Koalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Non quem sed quid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Columbia Female College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Columbia College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spring,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Columbia-Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	El Valor de la Excelencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Community College of Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skokie,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Stingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange,BlackandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Scots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gregson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward,_Duke_of_Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dublin Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supinfocom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supinfogame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	DIU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlackandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	* Rams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Pray and work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dallas Christian College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Air_Transport_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benoni,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boksburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramley,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Arabic) إن علينا للهدى Inna Alaina Lal Huda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_of_the_Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Vincent's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Park,_Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorakhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Naik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Find yourself here.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Hill,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	DBU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amloh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Centre_for_Technology_in_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Naresh_Yadav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dhaka Commerce College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ঢাকা কমার্স কলেজ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Come to Learn, Go out for Serve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadiad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad Maiora Natus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canlubang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Don Bosco Technical Institute-Mandaluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Bishops'_Conference_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Elephant,Lotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	DonggukElephants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Hyehwa Professional College (1940-1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RMLAU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	δωρεὰν ἐλάβετε, δωρεὰν δότε
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Drew University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaryAnn_Baenninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ireland's University of Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ollscoil Chathair Bhaile Átha Cliath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dublin Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	E-Artsup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	EDC Paris Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartier_(jeweler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Alliance_in_Management_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	European Identity, Global Perspective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ex-École Spéciale de Mécanique et d'Électricité
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galkayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ECC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Fare_Music_Foundation	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shillong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Fare_Music_Foundation	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Higher Learning, higher thinking and higher education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	&
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Virtue, Excellence, Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Enverga University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucena,_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candelaria,_Quezon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampaloc,_Quezon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio,_Quezon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Kremlin-Bicêtre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	EARIST Red Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelical_Presbyterian_University_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Evangelical Presbyterian University College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelical_Presbyterian_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	EvCC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Balanceand Yellow Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	So do the morals of Niti Dome;
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Thammasat University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phra_Nakhon_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal Center for Technological Education of Rio de Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valença,_Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrópolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bragança,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breves,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia ad Sapientiam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Federal do Alagoas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maceió
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Federal de Goiás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goiânia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jataí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria,_Rio_Grande_do_Sul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_do_Sul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederico_Westphalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laranjeiras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of Southern and Southeastern Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Félix_do_Xingu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UTFPR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tecnologia e Humanismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campo_Mourão
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curitiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of São Francisco Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Falcons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Felician University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Florida Gateway College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olustee,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Azul the Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Strength, Skill, Character
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallahassee,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Fordham Graduate School of Business Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Wisdom and Learning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Agnels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	फादर कोन्सिकिओ रोड्रिग्ज अभियांत्रिकी महाविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throwball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Forest Green & Vegas Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Franciscan University of Steubenville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth,Justice,Liberty,Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Libera Berolinensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinjiang_Medical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	गोविन्द बल्लभ पंत कृषि एवं प्रौद्योगिक विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gabelli School of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bhubaneswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhubaneswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Coláiste an Gharda Síochána
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	GU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Achievement through Learning/Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratmalana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka_Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cougars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Genesee Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Patriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Freedom and Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songdo_International_Business_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Tech_Information_Security_Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Progress and Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._P._%22Bud%22_Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockmart,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Spring,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The German University in Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Student_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowing_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondwana_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gondwana University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondwana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1921-1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1895-1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1916-21)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	राजकीय पालीटेक्निक सिकन्दराराऊ, एटा
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Govt. M.A.O College Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	MAO College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_College_of_Management_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Grafton College of Management Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_College_of_Management_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehradun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katanning,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Aa No Bhadraha, Kratavo Yantu Vishwatah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gujarat National Law University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	IPU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	गुरु गोबिंद सिंघ इंद्रप्रस्थ विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Indraprastha University (1998-2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Nanak_Institute_of_Dental_Sciences_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panihati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Nanak_Institute_of_Dental_Sciences_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tejendra_Khanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	M.E.R.V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gwynedd Mercy University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Hamdard University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	جامعہ ھمدرد
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge Restores Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/York,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Sandstone redandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Herzing Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Herzing College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montague,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Faith, Knowledge, Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Himalayan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Hirasugar Institute of Technology (HIT)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidasoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flinders_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Holkar Science College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	होलकर विज्ञान महाविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhya_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tignish,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montague,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souris,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Holy Cross College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Global Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ICMA Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	International Management Institute (IMI), Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	INTI International University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountains_International_Hotel_Management_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	and
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Scarlet Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ISPSC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago,_Ilocos_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cervantes,_Ilocos_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	IIFT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Alliance_in_Management_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Mass_Communication	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian Institute of Mass Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Mass_Communication	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhubaneswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Sky Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ISI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	भारतीय सांख्यिकी संस्थान
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Indiana State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_of_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Light and Truth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McRobbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light and Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indus College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White&blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varennes,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institut supérieur européen de formation par l'action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IONIS_Education_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Get Unemployment Free Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manatí,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humacao,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Innovation_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Innovation_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_College_of_Fine_Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Taman Ilmu dan Budi (Malay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	International Islamic University Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyshny_Volochyok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	International Slav Institute (“ISI”)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Международный Славянский институт
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Science with practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squash_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	IAUCTB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Islamic University of Science & Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awantipora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	İTİCÜ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Istanbul Commerce University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Istanbul Chamber of Commerce University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	JD Institute of Fashion Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jadavpur University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadguru_Ramanandacharya_Rajasthan_Sanskrit_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadguru_Ramanandacharya_Rajasthan_Sanskrit_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Uniwersytet Jagielloński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Iagellonica Cracoviensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jai Narain Vyas University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jain University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sharing the joy of learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College of Townsville (1961-70)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Jamia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talat_Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Miskolc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akershus_University_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Ostrava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovak_University_of_Technology_in_Bratislava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_supérieure_d'ingénieurs_de_Caen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Angers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	P.R.I.D.E.:Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity, Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	JNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	loyalty, sincerity, integrity and respect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Jinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	JNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education for Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Blue Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Golden Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Bulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sit Lux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Negro_College_Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Violet and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	JUST / Techno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	&
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagüey_Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	सा विद्या या विमुक्तये (sā vidyā yā vimuktayē)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	KIIT University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhubaneswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	K.L.E Society's KLE Institute of Technology (KLEIT)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Service to Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khyber_Medical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tosya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Fons Sapientiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	KU Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Herbert the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Silver and Royal Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bruin (bear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldwater,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	King's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_of_Holy_Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Transnational_Legal_Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Young_Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Princess_Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Christus Via Veritas Et Vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Christ is the Way the Truth and the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King's University College at Western University (2012–Present)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sincerity-Service-Sacrifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	King Juan Carlos University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Móstoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahmi_Koç
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Koç University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumelifeneri,_Sarıyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Alliance_in_Management_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Sahyadri University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley,_British_Columbia_(district_municipality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Київський національний торговельно-економічний університет (КНТЕУ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernivtsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To promote sustainable rural social & economic development in the region served by the Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ITL Thiobráid Arann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heredia,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Red hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Redhawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Goldand Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	La Sierra University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	La Sierra College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lackawanna College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Lackawanna Junior College, Scranton Business College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Per Angusta Ad Augusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lakehead University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunei-Muara_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edexcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Christian_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lancaster University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Milburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	gold&blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Undergraduate_Student_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Rouge-et-Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	By the grace of God, to no one equal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Buzz theYellowjacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	LeTourneau University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longview,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Driving Innovation for Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Limkokwing University of Creative Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Limkokwing University College of Creative Technology (2000–2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Par Excellence With Human Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lingaya's University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue, gold and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Lime green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Liverpool John Moores University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_Hope_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	London Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NW_postcode_area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple, black and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lidington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lord Ashcroft International Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Scuola Lorenzo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Lufbra, Lboro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Council_for_Accreditation_of_Teacher_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Transforming Education, Transforming India.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lovely Professional University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phagwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Garanzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lu Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For the greater glory of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland__1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/location	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Rohilkhand University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	महात्मा ज्योतिबा फुले रुहेलखण्ड विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	MVN University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Rijksuniversiteit Limburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Griffins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold;Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Marty theMoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Macquarie University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Maharaja's College, Ernakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	മഹാരാജാസ് കോളേജ്, എറണാകുളം
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Manindra_Chandra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Manindra_Chandra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vidya Vindate Amritam (Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Manipal University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Leading to the Heights of Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mar Baselios College of Engineering and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst,_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sturt_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bernie Da' Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sanctitas Scientia Sanitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cáceres,_Mato_Grosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colíder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Mutum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Society_Foundations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	McMaster University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Labarge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Church,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Sammy the Seahawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Per Scientiam Ad Sapientiam (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black,True Blue,WhiteandElectric crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gravatt,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Metropolitan University College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederiksberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	MEWARian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaziabad,_Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wolverhampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastman,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Robins,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Middle Georgia Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Houston Vocational Center, Houston Area Vocational Center, Middle Georgia Technical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Miguel Hernández de Elche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbacena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carangola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Unselfish dedication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mindanao Universitas de Scientiarum et Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Minnesota West Community & Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laxmangarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia Opus Omnium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mondragon University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Montana State University - Northern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Commission_on_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mustangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Think big.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Montpellier 2 University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mende,_Lozère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodaikanal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	C.S. Mott Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapeer,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mustangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Zone A College (1964-1968), Mount Vernon Nazarene College (1968-2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Patel_School_of_Technology_Management_and_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mukesh Patel School of Technology Management and Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Patel_School_of_Technology_Management_and_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utkal_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,Periwinkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_Muhammad_Rafique_Rajwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsukuba,_Ibaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kōshi,_Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taoyuan,_Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_China_Air_Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Turquoise and Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	NIMT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaziabad,_Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan_Technical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Polytechnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Prometheus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zografou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Colegio Mercantil (1905–1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National University of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Inspiring Futures, Nurturing Possibilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	МУИС (MUIS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavkhan_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King Edward VII College of Medicine (1905-1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Singapore (1962-1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National University of the Northeast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistencia,_Chaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistencia,_Chaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	NSU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Naval State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsicana,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waxahachie,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_communautaire_du_Nouveau-Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Andrews,_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, Blue and Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Pilgrims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henniker,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Percy the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyne_and_Wear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nilakantheswar Mahavidyalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utkal_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green&blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Integritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muvattupuzha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharathiar_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_National_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maijdee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	NorQuest College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinkjer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Aggie the bulldog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Negro Agricultural and Technical College of North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Global_Partnership_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Wolfpack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	NLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	নৰ্থ লখিমপুৰ কলেজ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_India_Engineering_College_(Delhi)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Northern India Engineering College, Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_India_Engineering_College_(Delhi)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Northwest Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Seek Ye First the Kingdom of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	NMSCians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Northwestern Mindanao State College of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_O._Schapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	— Ho logos pleres charitos kai aletheias'' (Greek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Patriots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Northwest–Shoals Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge for a better world
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Bovim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, Gold, White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ora et Labora (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of Notre Dame (CND)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Sharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Engage, Inspire, Achieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_Colleges_of_Osteopathic_Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nueta Hidatsa Sahnish College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Learning_Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Open the future.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To contemplate truth and to share with others the fruits of this contemplation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of St. Mary of the Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	ScarletandGray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Disciplina in civitatem (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bobcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelowna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Burgundy,Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anza,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Orissa Engineering College, Bhubaneshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green, White and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Our Lady Of Mount Carmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Salle_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	CAPT.Pete Pitcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CAE OAA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Isidro,_Parañaque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_Regulation_Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	PMI Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Merchant_Marine_Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Quality and Discipline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge and Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Padre Conceicao College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisalabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy_School_of_Logistics_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy_School_of_Logistics_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Business_Administration,_Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pandit Sundarlal Sharma (Open) University Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_Education_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massy,_Essonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	“Faith and Work”
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkville,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Your Answer…
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canora,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Seize the Day!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throwball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cametá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pará State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belém
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redenção,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Patna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Paul Cézanne University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aix-Marseille III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple,Black, andGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transnational_Association_of_Christian_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pedagogical and Technological University of Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogamoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Institute_of_Business_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Institute_of_Business_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dark blue and red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Petroleum University of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth. Excellence. Service.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Philippine Normal School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Philippine Normal College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1949–1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Basa Air Base Community College (1967-1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Philippine Air Force College of Aeronautics (1977-1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Point Loma Nazarene University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Philippine School of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Politeknikong Unibersidad ng Pilipinas Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariveles,_Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The People's University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parañaque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	PUPOY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mighty Maroons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan,_Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Association_of_State_Universities_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PUP Mighty Maroons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PUP Mighty Maroons(system)Tomasinong Iskolar(branch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	'''Politeknikong Unibersidad ng Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	PUP Santo Tomas Extension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1904–1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Philippine College of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1952–1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Politeknikong Unibersidad ng Pilipinas sa Taguig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contagem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	You will be my witnesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurgood_Marshall_College_Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Hill,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Spirit the Saint Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Presidency University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_Yai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songkhla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	PIET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab,_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_(Gujrat)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Punjab College Gujrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_(Gujrat)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Boilermaker Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University_system
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pázmány Péter Catholic University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esztergom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Péter_Erdő
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Boo Hoo the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Woolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Johnston_(vice-chancellor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For so much, what shall we give back?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Queen's University Belfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Reginae Belfastiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sanskrit: Prajvalitō Jnānamaya Pradïpah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light the lamp of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ರಾಷ್ಟ್ರೀಯ ವಿದ್ಯಾಲಯ ತಾಂತ್ರಿಕ ಮಹಾವಿದ್ಯಾಲಯ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_U8_Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Institute_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Universities_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	red,grey,white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Switkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Réseau des Universités des Sciences et Technologies des pays d'Afrique au Sud du Sahara (RUSTA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkina_Faso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea-Bissau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quetzaltenango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Advancement of Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshari_Nath_Tripathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanchipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rajamangala University of Technology Thanyaburi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songkhla_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	ज्ञानम् परमम् धेय्यम्
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	राजीव गांधी प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sanskrit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ranchi University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Squall (a seagull) Teams named \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilmarnock,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	राष्ट्रसंत तुकडोजी महाराज नागपूर विद्यापीठ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rasmussen College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Crow_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Red Crow Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Crow_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RegSci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Regionalium Scientia Alta Schola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangar,_La_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Mpati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Rhodes University College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Owls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_for_North_American_Higher_Education_Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Medical_and_Dental_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibaraki,_Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Professional_Schools_of_International_Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Humanise, equalise, spiritualise.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rizvi College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Killarney, Gunsmoke, Cream Can & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Fighting Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_E._Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odiongan,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Roosevelt University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lift your eyes to the hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhend_Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rowan College at Burlington County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Royal Holloway, University of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth, Duty, Valour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Royal Military College Saint-Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Museums_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Royal University of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Hiberniae Regium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bochum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhilai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sun of righteousness, shine upon the West also.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaziland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	With Mind and Skill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SEGi University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti SEGi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarawak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	RISE WITH EDUCATION
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SOAS University of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangtok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson,_Broome_County,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SUT Academy of Medical Sciences, Trivandrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CAE SFA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steenokkerzeel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAE_Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Joseph Higher Secondary School'''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadpur_Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_of_Holy_Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Sanctus Iosephus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Virtus et Scientia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saint Vincent College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adapazarı
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Raising Global Leaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Salem University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Salve Regina College (1934–91)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Red Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy and Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dakota_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	San Diego State College (1935–1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Gator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	यंत्रवीध्या परावीध्या
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_Technological_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Savitribai Phule Pune University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan_University_of_Health_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Sciences Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	École libre des sciences politiques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Caledonians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Scottish Church College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Best of all, inquire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Selkirk College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	'''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Discover Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	শাহজালাল বিজ্ঞান ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylhet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Shaikh College of Engineering and Technology (SCET)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroonandgray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Shanmugha Arts, Science, Technology & Research Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanjavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Expanding the Horizon of Education Beyond Boundaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dental_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Shaw Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Shaw U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For Christ and Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-i-Kashmir_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-i-Kashmir_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dnyanmevamrutam (ज्ञानमेवामृतम )
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandYellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Halo theHuskyDog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cardinal and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sierra College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taling_Chan_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mueang_Nakhon_Pathom_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cha-Am_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Simon Fraser University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kolej Sinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, black, white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Singapore Institute of Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Obregón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaymas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	N/A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	جامعة جنوب الوادي
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scintill Tuus Imaginationem (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Southeast College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Careers_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Careers_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpus_Christi,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffs_Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Southern Illinois University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Southern New Hampshire University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vande Sadgurum Chandrasekharam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sri Gowthami Educational Institutions (SGEIs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sri Gowthami Degree & PG College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amritsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sabbe Loko Hitatthaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let all be Happy and Prosperous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Tsing_Hua_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Caritas Vera Nobilitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard's_School_of_Theology_and_Ministry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard's_School_of_Theology_and_Ministry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colgate_Rochester_Crozer_Divinity_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Francis Xavier University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Jerome - a lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy Blue & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. John's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Latin:  Sapientes, Sanctus  English: Wisdom, Holiness.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Vikings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Pickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Joseph's College of Engineering and Technology, Palai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vita, Lux, Amor (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	സെന്‍റ്. തോമസ്‌ കോളേജ് പാലാ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Xaverians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrew's_Greek_Orthodox_Theological_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St Andrew's Greek Orthodox Theological College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrew's_Greek_Orthodox_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	'' (I know Him in whom I have believed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twickenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegii Sti Patricii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Royal College of Saint Patrick Maynooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryvale_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Staffordshire Polytechnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke-on-Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Oakie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A sound education strengthens the spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Attila the Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Stratford University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_News,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Strathclyde Law School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sultan Sharif Ali Islamic University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Seri_Begawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepak_takraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlukhiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putyvl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Une grande école d'ingénieurs au cœur des sciences de l'information, de l'énergie et des systèmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École Supérieure d'Électricité
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elles_Bougent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	स्वामी राम हिमालयन विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Athletic Union: Green and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Achievement through learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compostela_Group_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaratinguetá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_João_da_Boa_Vista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_José_do_Rio_Preto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Never stop asking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Autonomous_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Autonomous_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tantia University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Centre_for_Technology_in_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tarlac State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Association_of_State_Universities_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(at the University of Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Planning_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	TH Köln – University of Applied Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	the Royal Provincial Trade School, Cologne University of Applied Sciences (till 31 August 2015)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Den Polytekniske Læreanstalt(1829–1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Technological Educational Institute of Western Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Τεχνολογικό Εκπαιδευτικό Ίδρυμα Δυτικής Μακεδονίας
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Reveille IX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Station,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Your Life, Our Purpose.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubbock,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TRU WolfPack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Malayalam University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	From here, go anywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Screaming Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Christian_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	東海大学
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuoka_Prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Une grande école au sein de l'université
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	nunc cognosco ex parte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Trent University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Groarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Esse quam videri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Literary and Bible Training School for Christian Workers (1901-1911), Trevecca College (1911-1934), Trevecca Nazarene College (1934-1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Higher_Education_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tritonia Academic Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novia_University_of_Applied_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TUT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	UEI Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalandhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharathiar_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	UQ Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Union County College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ex Scientia Tridens (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soundRecording	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy__1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Alere Flammam Veritatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vega_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duvergé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_de_la_Maguana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Forming Entrepreneurs with an International Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Escuela de Negocios del Pacífico (ESNEPA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuenca,_Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Studium, Progressus, Labor (inLatin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad San Francisco de Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Wine red and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamaulipas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Bertekad Cemerlang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Malaysia, Sarawak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Malaysia Sarawak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Samarahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bintulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Berilmu Berbakti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Kembangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of Agriculture Malaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Generates Professionals (1997-2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Creative, Innovative & Energetic (2014-present)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Institut Kejuruteraan Teknologi Tenaga Nasional (1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitate Hiberniae Nationali apud Dublinum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sønderborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aabenraa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sønderborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vordingborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalundborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roskilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Høgskolen i Sørøst-Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drammen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Keewatin Community College (1966-2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University Institute of Engineering and Technology, Kurukshetra University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurukshetra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For Quality and Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black,Mantis,Bottle GreenandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University for Development Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	(University colours)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thebarton,_South_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Bath University of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Bedfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Towards Human Perfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Brunei Darussalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Advancement of Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mo Shùile Togam Suas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	I will lift up my eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_University_of_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berklee_College_of_Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Peter the Anteater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of California, Irvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal blue and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Bobcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merced,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_A._Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Scotty Highlander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of California, La Jolla (1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	*Anna Blake School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	*Santa Barbara State Normal School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Cantabrigiensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszek_Borysiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Asia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Central Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Asia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tajikistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold,black, andsilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Buffaloes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let Your Light Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ollscoil Átha Cliath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Dubliniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University Of Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penryn,_Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Gators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Kent_Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhisho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Glasguensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Calman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Guelph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Rhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huddersfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbana,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbana_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learning and Labor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Studiorum Indonesiensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Java
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	University of JohannesburgHoopoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Johannesburg South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_of_Tertiary_Institutions_of_the_Northern_Metropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu_and_Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazratbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of KwaZulu-Natal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargodha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université de Lausanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Sulpice,_Vaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Woolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Horns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Madras University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge in the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Arenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Malaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Malaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universität Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Testudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Terrapins, Terps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fatti maschii, parole femine (Italian),
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Maryland, College Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon, Black & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Massachusetts Agricultural College (1863–1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Melburniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad de Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Society_for_Quality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Nothing is Equal to Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Academy of Liberal Arts and Sciences (1785–1800)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Innovation for a Healthier Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Francis College (1952–1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biddeford,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Newcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lefkoşa Üniversitesi (Turkish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rameses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mean Green,Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A green light to greatness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Texas Normal College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	’En Cha Huná (\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broome,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M5_(universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	House of Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	House of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Nova Gorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajdovščina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	15pxRed and Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naga,_Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naga,_Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinalupihan,_Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicito_Payumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Nueva Caceres - Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Cogitando et Agendo, Ducemus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ducks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of Bytown (1848–1861)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Leges sine moribus vanae (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Laws without morals are useless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université de Perpignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narbonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiteit van Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Yunibesithi ya Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aix-Marseille I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold, purple, green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Reggie the Cougar and Ram-page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Roehampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roehampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Golden Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	VirtueandScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasan ng San Agustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Send Forth Thy Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Compostela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White, Gold, and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth in Charity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Catholic University of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasan ng Santo Tomás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Sargodha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Government College, Sargodha (1946-2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargodha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_MacKinnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College of Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Silesia in Katowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rocky the Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy blue, light sea green and dark red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slagelse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Southern Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbjerg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Southern Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Maine at Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Per Studia Mens Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of St. Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Council_of_Universities_of_Saint_Thomas_Aquinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	ΑΙΕΝ ΑΡΙΣΤΕΥΕΙΝ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ever To Be The Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Yarmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Suffolk_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Global_Partnership_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White and Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Be still and know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugby_union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney_Faculty_of_Dentistry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney_Faculty_of_Dentistry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Spartans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To be, rather than to seem to be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Society_for_Biochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Tasmaniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Kerana Tuhan Untuk Manusia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Technical School (1904–1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Vaqueros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas–Pan_American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlingen,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_City,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Burnt orangeand white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1881–1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Disciplina Praesidium Civitatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Texas at San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/U15_Group_of_Canadian_Research_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King's College (1827–1849)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Goreu Awen Gwirionedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	and Dubs (liveHusky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Waterloo Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mustangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1878–1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Lumley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Wesley Coyote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,Gold,Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollongong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Zaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huesca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Πανεπιστήμιο Αιγαίου
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chios_(town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	RedandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Red Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lualhati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of the Gambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Powercat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tuition-Free University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Populi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Philippines Diliman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Fighting Maroons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_E._Pascual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Iman, Ittehad, Tanzeem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Faith, Unity, Discipline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	یونیورسٹی  آف پنجاب
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhelum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A Light Rising From The West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_and_Tobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paisley,_Renfrewshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_South_Lanarkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Kudos Kudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia et Labore (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(Johannesburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Università degli Studi eCampus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louvain-la-Neuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueand Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Carabins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université de Montréal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UQAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trois-Rivières
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorel-Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	USKC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Urea Sar Karkhana School & College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White,Amber,Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	उत्तर प्रदेश आयुर्विज्ञान विश्वविद्यालय, सैफई, इटावा
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vancouver Island University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parksville,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vardhaman Mahaveer Open University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Vidyasagar_Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Chesnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Paris-Saclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	VVC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorville,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ವಿದ್ಯಾ ವರ್ಧಕ ತಾಂತ್ರಿಕ ಮಹಾವಿದ್ಯಾಲಯ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vienna University of Economics and Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	That I May Serve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Virginia Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_of_Virginia_Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacksburg,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Above all, be human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ವಿಶ್ವೇಶ್ವರಯ್ಯ ತಾಂತ್ರಿಕ ವಿಶ್ವವಿದ್ಯಾಲಯ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Auxilium nostrum in nomine Domini (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Our help is in the name of the Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia vincere tenebras (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Rhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	WSB Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczecin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gdynia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Crimson & Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Agricultural College, Experiment Station and School of Science of the State of Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	State College of Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lakshyam Viswamanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	West Bengal State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Golden Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Taga-WEST (From West)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Iloilo Normal Institute, Iloilo Normal School, West Visayas State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambunao,_Iloilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Golden Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Western New England University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Christ Holding Preeminence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Land,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	YellowandBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Miss Wheelock's Kindergarten Training School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purpleandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Golden Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Evangelical Lutheran Seminary of Canada (1911), Waterloo College of Arts (1925), Waterloo Lutheran University (1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Maroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Arab_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accreditation_Council_for_Business_Schools_and_Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Pali: viriya, ñāṇa, saccā, samādhi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamayut_Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Arab_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Van_Bibber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Aebischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champs-sur-Marne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ENAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elles_Bougent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandGrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Kremlin-Bicêtre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Kremlin-Bicêtre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elles_Bougent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
