http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Institution_of_Naval_Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Taught man what he did not know (Qur'an 96:5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aligarh Muslim University, Malappuram Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malappuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCH_Academy_of_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCH_Academy_of_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCH_Academy_of_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_Gandhi_National_Open_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Viis Novis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aalborg Universitet (AAU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Alburgensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbjerg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lene_Espersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AWKUM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	عبد الولی خان یونیورسٹی مردان
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mardan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mardan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tug_of_war
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A world without knowledge is no world at all
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Prifysgol Aberystwyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Wales, Aberystwyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and Ivory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Aardvark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Academy at Charlemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlemont,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Garnetandblue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Acadia College (1841–1891)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis_Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libby_Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_Italiana_Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, White and Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Nurturing Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Birla College Of Science and Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Satye sarvaṃ pratiṣṭhitam (from the Șānti Parva of theMahābhārata,[Mbh 12.156.5d])
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Acharya Nagarjuna University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namburu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White,green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	آغا خان یونیورسٹی
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy Blue,White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	প্রভু জ্ঞান দাও
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	কৃষি প্রশিক্ষন ইনষ্টিটিউট
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begumganj_Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiverval-Grignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massy,_Essonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kourou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aix-Marseille Université
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-en-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provence-Alpes-Côte_d'Azur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvon_Berland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aix-Marseille University, Faculty of Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/13th_arrondissement_of_Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_arrondissement_of_Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green,white,Black,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peshawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujranwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhimber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	جامعة القدس
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestinian_National_Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beit_Hanina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_Open_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aljamea-tus-Saifiyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jamea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Daras-e-Saifee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Monroe Area Vocational-Technical School, Albany Area Vocational-Technical School, Albany Technical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Alexandru Ioan Cuza University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitatea „Alexandru Ioan Cuza” din Iași
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Iași
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Cuza Vodă University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iași
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(English translation) Teach man what he did not know.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aliah University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshari_Nath_Tripathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AMU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Taught man what he knew not (Qur'an 96:5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mufaddal_Saifuddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zameer_Uddin_Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Yellow Jackets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	We Teach The Mind To Think, The Hands To Work, The Heart To Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Allen University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Payne Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Alma Mater, AlmaMater, Almamater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	European University for Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Alma Mater Europaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Academy_of_Sciences_and_Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Purificatus non consumptus (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Purified, Not Consumed.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The American College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Madurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	American University of Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkina_Faso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	American University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahlé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Amitians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Shraddhāvān labhate jnānam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amritapuri_Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Excellence through partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Anglia Ruskin University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Cambridge School of Art,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Cambridge College of Arts and Technology,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelmsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lux et Veritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Anna Maria College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paxton,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia potentia est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Apsley Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratislava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Towards a promising future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arab Open University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenside,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	ACU Red and Firestorm Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Southwestern College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Munsil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Gadzarts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arts et Métiers ParisTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	ENSAM (Ecole Nationale Supérieur d'Arts et Métiers), Ecole impériale d'Arts et Métiers, Ecole d'Arts et Métiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-en-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Châlons-en-Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParisTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Eruditio et Religio (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learning and Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Asbury University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmore,_Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Seize the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Assam Don Bosco University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_Education_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ADTU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Nursing_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Pierre the Greyhound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Assumption College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aston University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sunderland_(businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueandwhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Blue Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Blue Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lux in Domino ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For the Greater Glory of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Ateneo de Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jose_Ramon_Villarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Athletic_Association_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learning for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca,_Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_MacKinnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy blueandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Owls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Athens Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Smith,_Northwest_Territories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Australian National University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acton,_Australian_Capital_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Capital_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Evans_(politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green&Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bighorn Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Por la realización plena del hombre (Spanish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexicali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baja_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANUIES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Gyrenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	From the Heart of the Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Ave Maria College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Colleges_and_Universities_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Towey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Avinashilingam University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._R._Krishna_Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maulana_Abul_Kalam_Azad_University_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Empowering People, Improving Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	BI Norwegian Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Lygo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandRed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Hominem Augere (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bahia State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade do Estado da Bahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juazeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irecê
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaçari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senhor_do_Bonfim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Anchor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	'BU', 'BUIC', 'BUKC', 'BULC', 'BUMDC','IPP','NCMPR'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Discovering Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Naval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Medical_and_Dental_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A world university in the heart of Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bahçeşehir Üniversitesi (BAU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Göztepe,_Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ceļš uz panākumiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Baltic International Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Baltijas Starptautiskā akadēmija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Academiae Balthicum Internationalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liepāja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rēzekne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelgava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiltene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Saffron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vidyayā'mritamașnute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Banaras Hindu University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge imparts immortality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Banaras Hindu University, South Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	BU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bangalore University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ವಿಶ್ವವಿದ್ಯಾಲಯ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_Education_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bangor University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_Institute_for_Banking_and_Financial_Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_Elis-Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red,black, andsilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bucky the Parrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Barry University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Shores,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Basaveshwara Engineering College (Autonomous), Bagalkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Irons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bruiser (costumed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bears / Lady Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soundRecording	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University__1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Beer Bahadur Singh Sports College, Gorakhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorakhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	BGCTUB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learning for Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	BGC Trust University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	বিজিসি ট্রাস্ট বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandanaish_Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(Bangladesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Hamid_(politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purpleandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Benedict College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Benedict Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SBMBA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Charity or Love of one's fellow men is true nobility.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Pantone Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bulldogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_County,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndhurst,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlackWhiteRed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	BSEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Berlin School of Economics and Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Hochschule für Wirtschaft und Recht Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Foundation_for_Management_Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Empowering Christian Leaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Learning_Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlham_School_of_Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dark Royal Blue and Maroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Bilginin Işığında Bir Gelecek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Future in the Light of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edirne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_National_Education_(Turkey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow,BlackandTurquoise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Beykent Compass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Profesyonel yaşam için doğru seçim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Beykent University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	T.C. İstanbul Beykent Üniversitesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarıyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarıyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_and_Technological_Research_Council_of_Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To the stars by hard work.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Bharath Engineering College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avvai_Natarajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''Following Jesus into the world.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Commission_on_Higher_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_A._James,_III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To improve socio-economic condition of the people related to agriculture and strengthen our food security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Council_of_Agricultural_Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshari_Nath_Tripathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In nocte consilium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Birkbeck, University of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Latchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Smith_(statistician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learning is that which Liberates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draupadi_Murmu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CK_Birla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Birla Institute of Technology Mesra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draupadi_Murmu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CK_Birla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	ज्ञानं परमं बलम्
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Birmingham School of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_City_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePresident	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Donohoe_(pianist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Lloyd_Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Recti cultus pectora roborant(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bishop's University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Goldbloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Big Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Making Education Possible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bluefield State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield,_West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welch,_West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bocconi University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Alliance_in_Management_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Monti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Αἰέν ἀριστεύειν()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Boston College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegium Bostoniense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Leahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestnut_Hill,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bailey the Bobcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Bobcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learn in Order to Serve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Boomer the Badger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Badgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Surgite!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Brock University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catharines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	William Jennings Bryan University (1930–1958), William Jennings Bryan College (1958–1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	I Delight in the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bryn Mawr College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Merion_Township,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Wright_Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Buckinghamshire New University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Wycombe Technical Institute (c1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	High Wycombe College of Art and Technology (c1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Buckinghamshire College of Higher Education (1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uxbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIESEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Association_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	claret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Courses in Contemporary Engineering - harmonising theory and practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Budapestinensis Scientiarum Technicarum et Oeconomicarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Institutum Geometrico-Hydrotechnicum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Royal Joseph Polytechnic University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Joseph University of Technology and Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIESEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Student_Exchange_Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cardinal&Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	BulSU Gold Gears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulilan,_Bulacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Central_Luzon_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accrediting_Agency_of_Chartered_Colleges_and_Universities_in_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Science_Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	विद्यया अमृतमश्नुते (Vidyaya Amritmashnute)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bundelkhand University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Naik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	C. Abdul Hakeem College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon & Navy Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CECOS University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peshawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khyber_Pakhtunkhwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroonandwhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Center of Scientific and Technological Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanajuato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidalgo_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Centre International de Formation à Distance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CIIT Philippines - College of Arts and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anino_Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	You're Made For Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedfordview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelspruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potchefstroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderbijlpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Cavalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Caixanova Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ourense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Felix_Rosenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	California School of Professional Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(atAlliant International University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliant_International_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GreenandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Broncos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Application of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	California State Polytechnic University, Pomona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_State_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Otters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	California State University,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Monterey Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaside,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_State_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Calvin College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Theological_Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Camaligan National High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pambansang Mataas na Paaralan ng Camaligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Santo Tomas National High School ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan,_Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Research_Council_(United_Kingdom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer_Research_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	15px
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Chiefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Pro Deo et Patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For God and Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arellano University, Pasig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Arellano sa Malabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arellano University, Pasay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Arellano sa Pasay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arellano University, Mandaluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	José Abad Santos High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arellano_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Canadian International College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education online from accredited Canadian universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Canadian Virtual University (CVU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Roads_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cardinal Red and Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tunbridge_Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_at_Medway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold,Green,blackandgrayorange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Capers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Theid Díchioll Air Thoiseach (Scottish Gaelic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Perseverance Will Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cape Breton University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of Cape Breton (1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Capilano University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The most valuable possession is knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Wales Institute, Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyncoed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick_Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth, Unity and Concord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College, Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rodney the Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ravens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad Superna, non Superba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To the Eternal, not the Perishable''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Carlow University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southey,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynyard,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Catholic Theological Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Unio Catholica Theologica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_Centre_at_Foyer_Unitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago_Divinity_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Catholic University College of Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunyani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Turkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CCP Bobcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Central Colleges of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Polytechnic Colleges of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cougars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Macon Area Vocational-Technical School, Macon Technical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia et Fides (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Central Philippine University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Sentral ng Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Centralis Philippinarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Central Philippine College (1923–1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iloilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_University_Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Christian_Schools,_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Negros Occidental National Agricultural School / Negros Occidental Agricultural College / Negros State College of Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos,_Negros_Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipalay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinigaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CQU, CQUni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Doctrina Perpetua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Central Queensland University (1995-2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackay,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Universities_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadaganchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	सतत विकास के लिए शिक्षा
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education for Sustainable Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Central University of Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Pitroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CentraleSupélec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gif-sur-Yvette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Paris-Saclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hervé_Biausser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ecoles Centrales Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baja_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baja_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_for_North_American_Higher_Education_Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad César Vallejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trujillo,_Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimbote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarapoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Challenger TAFE, South Metropolitan College of TAFE, South Metropolitan Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaconsfield,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Kwinana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Silverswords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Life in[the]Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Chaminade College (1957-77)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmanbaria_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmanbaria_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	WhiteandRed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Chandigarh University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjab_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Highway_95_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Coyotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmerston,_Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine,_Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Univerzita Karlova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomáš_Zima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Where that supreme treasure of Truth resides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Chaudhary Charan Singh University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Meerut University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	आरोह  तमसो  ज्योति: (Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Kanpur University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	City University of Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bulldog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Clarendon College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(from the Taittiriya āraṇyaka of theYajurveda, 8.0.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._Sathasivam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Cymraeg_Cenedlaethol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Cymraeg_Cenedlaethol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Cymraeg_Cenedlaethol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Coleg Llandrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colwyn_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denbigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhos-on-Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Asaph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Follow your dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor,_Gwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caernarfon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holyhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llangefni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Deus, Patria, LETRAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Colegio de San Juan de Letran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dalubhasaan ng San Juan de Letran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intramuros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_(province)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red,WhiteandBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CollegeAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Think Globally....
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadakkencherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pradip_Somasundaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Engineering_Roorkee	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	College Of Engineering Roorkee (COER)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Engineering_Roorkee	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarakhand_Technical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Engineering_Roorkee	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Dev_Suman_Uttarakhand_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Toujours la Verite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	College of New Caledonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dark Blue and Bright Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Deus Est Caritas (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morristown,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Changing lives through learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The College of West Anglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King's Lynn Technical School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisbech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernie,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberley,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranbrook,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creston,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur,_Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collège Boréal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nipissing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapuskasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad Lucem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edexcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deakin_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Not who, but what
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Columbia College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centreville,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rip van Winkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tomorrow, Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow&Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Pontificia Comillas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	CCRI Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick,_Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerly,_Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Computer Systems Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skokie,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lombard,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon, Gold, Black and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Federation_of_Students
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CSC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Building Futures One at a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Connors State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Connors State School of Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Valkyries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Converse College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_Theological_Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cranfield University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Silsoe College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Royal Military College of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrivenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Young,_Baroness_Young_of_Old_Scone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Colonels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Rem Tene Verba Sequentur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Curry College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	School of Elocution and Expression (1879–1885), School of Expression (1885–1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Engineers_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisco_Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	I'm lovin it
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	DSK International Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Supinfogame Rubika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_School_of_Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,GrayandGreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A distinguished landmark in higher education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Electrical_and_Electronics_Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Engineers,_Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(Bangladesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Md._Sabur_Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	* Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dalhousie University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Dalhousie College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1818–1863)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1863–1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bible_Hill,_Nova_Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_McLellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	CrusadersImage:Crusaders logo.JPG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	κηρύξον τον λογον (Preach the Word)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Christian_College_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_635_(Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_35E_(Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Live, Love, Learn, Leave A Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Damelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braamfontein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centurion,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London,_Eastern_Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowbray,_Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloemfontein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompTIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Business_Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Management_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Big Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A voice crying out in the wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegium Dartmuthensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Dartmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_J._Hanlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Darul Huda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Darul Huda Islamic University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	الجامعة دار الهدى الاسلامية
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malappuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahauddeen_Muhammed_Nadwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	DIBS (Demon In a Blue Suit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Blue Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	DePaul University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePauw_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	आ नो भद्राः क्र्तवो यन्तु विश्वतः । Aa no Bhadrah Kritvo Yantu Vishvatah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Delaware County Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downingtown,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenixville,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Grove,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Innovation, Research & Entrepreneurship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehgarh_Sahib_district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Aero and Navy Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dhankundi Shahnaj Siraj High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Grigio (common to all Don Bosco Schools in the Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Don Bosco College, Canlubang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kolehiyo ng Don Bosco, Canlubang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy Blue, White, and Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bosconians, Busko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ascende Superius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Come Up to a Higher Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association_(Philippines)_South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	攝心, 信實, 慈愛, 度世(hanja)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Steady one's clean mind, Behave truly and reliably, Love people with benevolence, Save mankind from agony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dongguk University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Dongguk College (1946-1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	हे ज्ञानिची पवित्रता।  ज्ञानीचि आथि॥ English: \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	डाँ. बाबासाहेब आंबेडकर मराठवाडा विद्यापीठ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurangabad,_Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	डॉ राम मऩोहर लोहिया अवध विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Naik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Dr.RMLIMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	सर्वे सन्तु निरामयाः
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	डा॰ राम मनोहर लोहिया आयुर्विज्ञान संस्थान
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomti_Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rangers/Ranger Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_High_School_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dublin City University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_McAleese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_MacCraith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,Beige,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institiúid Teicneolaíochta Bhaile Atha Cliath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Palatinate Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Dunelmensīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham,_England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton-on-Tees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Corbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Allen_(baritone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IONIS_Education_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ethics, Solidarity and Spirit of conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École des dirigeants et créateurs d'entreprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Défense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Supérieur_de_Marketing_du_Luxe_(Sup_de_Luxe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Arche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	EGADE Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Garza_García
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuevo_León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/María_de_Lourdes_Dieck-Assad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Bournois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For more than a century, the ESME-Sudria has been training engineers in the fields of Energy, Electronics, Telecommunications, Mathematics and Computer Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivry-sur-Seine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord-Pas-de-Calais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhône-Alpes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IONIS_Education_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_of_Independent_Grandes_Écoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Sellam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, red and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	East Africa University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erigavo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qardho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galdogob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue & Vegas Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	East Central College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	East Central Junior College to East Central College (1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Fare_Music_Foundation	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Fare_Music_Foundation	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Fare_Music_Foundation	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Ankan_Deka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorethang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikkim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikkim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White, Black and Royal Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Eastern Mennonite University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Via, Veritas, Vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	and the Life\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Eastern Nazarene College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Without knowledge, everything is in vain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Edinburgh Napier University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Virtus, Excellentia, Servitum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association_(Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Roonie The Wildcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Pro Deo Et Patria (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For God and Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasan ng Enverga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Luzonian Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1947–1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Luzonian University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1968–1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Luzonian University Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1983–2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucena,_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Schools_Athletic_Association_(Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Paris Graduate School of Digital Innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École pour l'informatique et les nouvelles technologies (EPITECH)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon&Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Eulogio Rodriguez Vocational High School (ERVHS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampaloc,_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_University_Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Athletic_Association_of_Schools,_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accrediting_Agency_of_Chartered_Colleges_and_Universities_in_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	European Humanities University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Foundation_-_Campus_Europae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Association_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	visibilia ex invisibilibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelical_Presbyterian_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelical_Presbyterian_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho,_Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelical_Presbyterian_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Everett Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Eötvös Loránd University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	FLAME University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Children of Dome shall light the society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Faculty of Law,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	คณะนิติศาสตร์
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	มหาวิทยาลัยธรรมศาสตร์
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khlong_Luang_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathum_Thani_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Chat_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phahonyothin_Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Um olhar para o futuro: Universidade Tecnológica Federal do Rio de Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica Celso Suckow da Fonseca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Iguaçu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angra_dos_Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal Institute of Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Instituto Federal do Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belém
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capanema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucuruí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soure,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of Alagoas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maceió
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alagoas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapiraca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delmiro_Gouveia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalão
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goiás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goiás,_Goiás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belém
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bragança,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capanema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breves,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucuruí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soure,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sedes Sapientiæ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of Santa Maria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Federal de Santa Maria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria,_Rio_Grande_do_Sul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silveira_Martins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Flowing Growth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Federal de Sergipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagarto,_Sergipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Cristóvão
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aracaju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itabaiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josué_Modesto_dos_Passos_Subrinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Federal do Sul e Sudeste do Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinguara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow and black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Technology and Humanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Tecnológica Federal do Paraná
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornélio_Procópio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponta_Grossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dois_Vizinhos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Beltrão
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guarapuava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medianeira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Helena,_Paraná
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Paraná
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernambuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piauí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learn to Succeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federation University Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsham,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Universities_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In Veritate Felicitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(The Franciscan University of New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodi,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Timberwolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_City,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cobalt BlueandEmerald Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Florida Gulf Coast University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_System_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_G._Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GarnetandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Seminoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vires, artes, mores (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Florida State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallahassee,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_System_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Burr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sapientia et Doctrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Wisdom and Learning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegium  Fordhamense Studiorum Liberalium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latinfor Wisdom and Learning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sapientia et Doctrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Fordham Graduate School of Social Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandstand_Promenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandstand_Promenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tug_of_war
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fortitudo et Prudentia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fortitude and Prudence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	FU, sometimes \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritas,Iustitia,Libertas(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Freie Universität Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charité
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Excellence and Innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Frontier Medical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Medical_and_Dental_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Govind Ballabh Pant University of Agriculture and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Council_of_Agricultural_Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sapientia et Doctrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latinfor Wisdom and Learning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gabriel Dumont Institute of Native Studies and Applied Research Inc. (GDI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gandhi Institute For Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	भुबनेशर, उडीसा
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhubaneswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biju_Patnaik_University_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Strive Serve Thrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visakhapatnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In knowledge, safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Tipperary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Templemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vidyana Sadhayeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gauhati University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	গুৱাহাটী বিশ্ববিদ্যালয
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	KDA/KDU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	සිය රටටමයි කවදත්
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandawala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohan_Daluwatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batavia,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Patriots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	George Mason University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ángel_Cabrera_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White and GT gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Georgia Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Tech_Savannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stein_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_L._Bras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology_Historic_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dare to Think
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiteit Gent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	State University of Ghent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kortrijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For the Common Weal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Yunus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amritsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education For All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Global Open University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wokha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_of_Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universität Frankfurt am Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgitta_Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondwana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadchiroli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondwana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondwana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy blueandwhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Scottish Lion Rampant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Fighting Scots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Jesus Christ, Son of God, Savior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Gordon College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Boston Missionary Training Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1889-1891)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Boston Missionary Training School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1891-1895)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Gordon Bible College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Gordon College of Theology and Missions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Gordon College and Divinity School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1962-1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenham,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._Michael_Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janel_Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, White and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Khwaja Fareed Government Post Graduate College, Rahim Yar Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squash_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Government Polytechnic Sikandararao Etah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	राजकीय पालीटेक्निक नगरिया मोड एटा
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Anglorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Board_of_Intermediate_and_Secondary_Education,_Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institut de hautes études internationales et du développement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The Graduate Institute of International Studies (1927–2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europaeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Professional_Schools_of_International_Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_College_of_Management_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_College_of_Management_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_College_of_Management_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Institute_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ग्राफिक एेरा पर्वतीय विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhimtal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Great Northern Way Campus Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia_Institute_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Carr_University_of_Art_and_Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Albany Technical School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Barker,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Grenoble Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valence,_Drôme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Griffith University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Grizzly College of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhumri_Telaiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimal_N._Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	GGSIPU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	IP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	ज्योतिर्वृणीत तमसो विजानन्
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Cleave the darkness and light through knowledge.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najeeb_Jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Guru Gobind Singh Sports College, Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	गुरू गोविन्द सिंह स्पोर्टस कालेज, लखनऊ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Nanak_Institute_of_Dental_Sciences_and_Research	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Guru Nanak Institute of Dental Science and Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Nanak_Institute_of_Dental_Sciences_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dental_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Nanak_Institute_of_Dental_Sciences_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_University_of_Health_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil_Kumar_Tyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Griffins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritas et Misericordia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth and Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Valley,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Quality in Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Olive GreenandSky Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Riptide thePelican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Green Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Non Sibi Sed Suis (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tulane University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Medical College of Louisiana (1834–1847), University of Louisiana (1847–1884)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In Truth I Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	HITEC University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Institute_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Technical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Sarwar_(politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green,Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In Pursuit of Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Computing_Education_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ha$100\ Hashmieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Hashemite University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Arab_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Uni HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Semper apertus – Zukunft. Seit 1386. (LatinandGerman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(The book of learning is) always open – The Future. Since 1386.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Heidelberg University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/League_of_European_Research_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Herzing University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Herzing College (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Get ready for life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerside,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tignish,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souris,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	शस्त्रे शास्त्रे च कौशलम  (Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Those, who are armed with knowledge, are skilful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Himachal Pradesh University (HPU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue and Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Where Your Future Comes First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hukeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidasoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Try New Things, Do New Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Normal_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin_Medical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Madison_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Trobe_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sichuan_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Holkar College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tamaso Ma Jyotirgamaya (Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple&Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerside,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberton,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon & Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_of_Holy_Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Holy_Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Hult International Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Arthur D. Little School of Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Greenandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lucky Logger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	ΦΩΣ ΑΛΗΘΕΙΑ (Greek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Humboldt State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Humboldt State Normal College (1913–35)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	California State University, Humboldt (1972–4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_University_of_Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Rossbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Hunter College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	True Religion and Sound Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Huron University College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Huron College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	I. K. Gujral Punjab Technical University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Industry_Regulatory_Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Navarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Heukamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Shaping global leaders for tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arindam_Banik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Quality, the Innermost of INTI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negeri_Sembilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarawak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_University_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laureate_International_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ITM University (Gwalior)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Nursing_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	IIT Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	IIT Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Talon theHawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Illinois Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology_Academic_Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green, Maroon and Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Towards Greater Heights through Quality & Excellence in Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ilocos Sur Polytechnic State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria,_Ilocos_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian Institute of Foreign Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	भारतीय विदेश व्यापार संस्थान
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurnool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurnool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Joka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge for the benefit of all
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian Institute of Management Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	भारतीय प्रबंधन संस्थान कलकत्ता
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saibal_Chattopadhyay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Mass_Communication	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amravati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Mass_Communication	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Mass_Communication	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aizawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhya_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Samudra Gyanam,  Gyan Samudram (Ocean Of Knowledge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visakhapatnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._Krishnamurthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ISB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab,_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajat_Gupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil_Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian Statistical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giridih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanghamitra_Bandyopadhyay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Sycamore Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Indiana State Teachers College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terre_Haute,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_State_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_Sycamores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cream and Crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Referred to as \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lux et Veritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indiana University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indianensis Universitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McRobbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Crimson,Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indiana University Bloomington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indianensis Universitatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Hoosiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Évry,_Essonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	INRS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IONIS_Education_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institut supérieur européen de gestion group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Assembly_for_Collegiate_Business_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Jablanczy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Institute of Cost and Management Accountants of Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittagong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Federation_of_Accountants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Institute of Information Technology Bogra (IITB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Instituto de Banca y Comercio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caguas,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayey,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fajardo,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guayama,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayamón,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Innovation_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Integrated Innovation Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Innovation_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Innovation_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tepper_School_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Banyan Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Garden of Knowledge and Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Islam Antarabangsa Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuantan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rais_Yatim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Shah_of_Pahang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(“МСИ”)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryansk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliningrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volgograd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vratsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cardinal & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Cy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cyclones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Iowa State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Iowa State College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts (1898–1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Leath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dark and light Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tehran Markaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Iranian Aspirations for Globalization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Islamic Azad University, Central Tehran Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Islamic Azad University of Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	IUST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulwama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	IY College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ismail Yusuf College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jogeshwari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ICU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Uygulamalı eğitimde mükemmeliyet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	İstanbul Ticaret Üniversitesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowing_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	European Institute of Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meerut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varanasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guwahati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathankot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	যাদবপুর বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadguru_Ramanandacharya_Rajasthan_Sanskrit_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jagadguru Ramanadacharya Rajasthan Sanskrit University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadguru_Ramanandacharya_Rajasthan_Sanskrit_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadguru_Ramanandacharya_Rajasthan_Sanskrit_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan_Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	JNUB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	विद्यार्थी लभते विद्याम / vidyarthi labhate vidyam (One who aspires wisdom, attains it)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	JaganNath University, NCR, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagannath_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._L._Verma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Plus ratio quam vis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let reason prevail over force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraków
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europaeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Research_Universities_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Jodhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College(est. 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tamso Maa Jyotigamaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_International_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Crescente Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light ever increasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackay,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	English:He taught man what he knew not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jamia Millia Islamia, Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Pink, White, Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Matampay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanao_del_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jan Długosz University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Akademia im. Jana Długosza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ostrava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clausthal_University_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden_University_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Koblenz_and_Landau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Osnabrück
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaipėda_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_University_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_in_Ružomberok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Navy Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	JIIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The Center for Allied Health & Nursing Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teterboro,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Schola Jesuita Theologiae de Universitas Santae Clarae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Alma College (1934) Jesuit School of Theology at Berkeley (1969-2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Theological_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Creating a breed of thorough professionals is our forte!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	झूलेलाल प्रोद्योगिकी संस्थान, नागपुर
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	忠信笃敬
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jinan University .
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	暨南大学
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianhe_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Bingguo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jodhpur Populus Universitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dental_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Johan Cruyff Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	John F. Kennedy University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kennedy_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Hopkins Blue, White, and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritas vos liberabit (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold and Navy blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let There Be Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Johnson C. Smith University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jordan University of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	جامعة العلوم والتكنولوجيا الأردنية
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ar_Ramtha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irbid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Centre_for_Theoretical_Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Serve the Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matanzas_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Medical_and_Dental_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy BlueWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Christus Lux Mundi (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Christ, the Light of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Judson University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Christian_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is that which liberates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Society_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Engineering Education for Competitive World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubli_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	KMCT College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calicut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	خیبر میڈیکل یونیورسٹی انسٹی ٹیوٹ آف میڈیکل سائنسز، کوہاٹ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Physicians_and_Surgeons_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Medical_and_Dental_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	tamasomā jyotir gamaya From darkness, lead me to light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kannur University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	കണ്ണൂർ സർവകലാശാല
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._Sathasivam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kaplan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davenport,_Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Holdings_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Open_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Karnataka State Open University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_of_Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kastamonu University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/İnebolu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taşköprü,_Kastamonu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	प्रज्ञानं ब्रह्म
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Inspired by Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramdas_Pai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sedes Sapientiae (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Seat of Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	or Seat of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiteit Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Lovaniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalst,_Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diepenbeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rik_Torfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Thanke God for All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Keele University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathon_Porritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	KCC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Creek,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	KFUEIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahim_Yar_Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Technology_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_Muhammad_Rafique_Rajwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Leo theLion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Monarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegium Christi Regis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & King's Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Reggie the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	King's College London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_(universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Byrne_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Crick_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/FutureLearn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GoldandGreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Christ the King College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1966–2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King's University College at the University of Western Ontario (2004–2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Peter's_Seminary_(Diocese_of_London,_Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	King George's Medical University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King George's Medical College(1911 to 2002) &Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University(2007 to 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravi_Kant_(surgeon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Non nova, sed nove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Rey Juan Carlos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_of_Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcorcón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuenlabrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hotel_&_Lodging_Educational_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yashwantrao_Chavan_Maharashtra_Open_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manohar_Joshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Koç Üniversitesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarıyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Şişli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyoğlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Foundation_for_Management_Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehbi_Koç
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_and_Technological_Research_Council_of_Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umran_Inan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	ಬೋಧನೆ ಮೂಲಕ ಕ್ರಿಯಾಶೀಲತೆಯ ಪೋಷಣೆ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kuvempu University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Rich Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kwantlen Polytechnic University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloverdale,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_and_Institutes_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ut hodiernae et futurārum generationum laboramus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khmelnytskyi,_Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinnytsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoliy_Mazaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	LIT Tipperary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setanta_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clonmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clonmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcalá_de_Henares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Bay,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	La Roche College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCandless,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candace_Introcaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Golden Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	La Sierra Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Loma Linda University La Sierra Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy, Gray, and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue, Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orillia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Federation_of_Students
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_Thunderwolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	LCB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Your One Stop For Quality Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Seri_Begawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Voyageur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lambda at Laurentian University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Sudbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	RedandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	LBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lancaster Bible College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Lancaster School of the Bible (1933&ndash;1973),
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Lancaster Bible College &amp; Graduate School (1996&ndash;2016)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Biblical_Higher_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailrigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailrigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Smith_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Lasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lasell College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Voyageur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Voyageur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Emitte lucem et veritatem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Send forth thyne light and thyne truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Laurentian University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Sudbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Giroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purpleandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Golden Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritas Omnia Vincit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_Golden_Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Laval University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Yellowjackets and Ladyjackets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	LeTourneau College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_A._Lunsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phnom_Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maseru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lincoln Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Orange,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange, Yellow and Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	LU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	लिंगयाज विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Lingaya's Institute of Management and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faridabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Electrical_and_Electronics_Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Society_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Linköping University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Linköpings universitet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norrköping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidingö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Roadrunner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Linn-Benton Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corvallis,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Home,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelowna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpus_Christi_College_(Vancouver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fortune Assists the Bold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Leveson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To have a profound impact on the way the world does business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Likierman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple, grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	London Met
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge in Abundance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	London Metropolitan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Engineering_and_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The London School of Economics and Political Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Princess_Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIESEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartered_Management_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lorenzo de' Medici School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marist_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Loughborough University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economic_and_Social_Research_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Allison_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Louisiana Tech University College of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruston,_Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psychological_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Council_for_Accreditation_of_Counseling_and_Related_Educational_Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	LPU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Ignatius College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1870-1909)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Ann_Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green & Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Greyhound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Loyolaae Marylandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Loyola College in Maryland (1852–2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland__2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland__3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland__4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Keep moving ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	बरेली
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Naik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Leading in Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Maastricht University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_European_Research_Universities_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon&White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	MacEwan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_W._Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Meighen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green, Gold & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Universities_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Egan_(Australian_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University_Campus_Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.P._Bansal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Manindra_Chandra_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Maharaja Manindra Chandra College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Manindra_Chandra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Manindra_Chandra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Fire Brick, White and Lime Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohtak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squash_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Many Arts, Many Skills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Manchester Metropolitan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Inspired by Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mannheim Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mar Baselios Christian College of Engineering and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peermade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baselios_Mar_Thoma_Paulose_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Duc In Altum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baselios_Cleemis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	M.I.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institiúid Oideachais Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino,_Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green&white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Catholic_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_University_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tua Luce Dirige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Marymount University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_Marymount_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Forest green and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Pacers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Marywood University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Unemat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Universitate Omnium (\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade do Estado de Mato Grosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Floresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Xavantina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinop,_Mato_Grosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangará_da_Serra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Professional_Schools_of_International_Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_of_Schools_of_Public_Policy,_Affairs,_and_Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teach_For_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Marty theMartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	McGill Redmen(men's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	McGill Martlets(women's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	By work, all things increase and grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	McGill University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas McGill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/U15_Group_of_Canadian_Research_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandGrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Marauders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	All things cohere in Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Deane_(professor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Be extraordinary!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Medtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrow,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spring,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collingwood,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epping,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Provehito in Altum (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Memorial University of Newfoundland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitatis Memorialis Terræ Novæ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Memorial University College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Through Knowledge to Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Saint_Augustine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Andover,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Methodist University College Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Accra_Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loganlea,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browns_Plains,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaudesert,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarhus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederiksberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rønne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	MU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge to Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Inspiring Creative Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Middle East College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat,_Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Middle Georgia State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Macon State College,Middle Georgia College, Middle Georgia State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochran,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy,Silver, andWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Robins,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Super Miguel Hernandez University of Elche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orihuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sant_Joan_d'Alacant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade do Estado de Minas Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frutal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibirité
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poços_de_Caldas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamantina,_Minas_Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandYellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Social responsibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mindanao University of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Misamis Oriental Trade School (1927-1952),
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Mindanao School of Arts and Trades (1952-1978),
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Don Mariano Marcos Memorial Polytechnic State College (1978-1991),
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Association_of_State_Universities_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Théorie et Pratique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Theory and Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	MINES ParisTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontainebleau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParisTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipestone,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Greater deeds remain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aizawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Lalthantluanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mody University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Burgundy, Crimson and Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge, the work of all
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mohawk College of Applied Arts and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mondragon Unibertsitatea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernani,_Gipuzkoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oñati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretxabaleta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Sebastián
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilbao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Men's - Northern Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Women's - Northern Skylights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havre,_Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Council_for_Accreditation_of_Teacher_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuevo_León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compostela_Group_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Noel_Ramírez_Padilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bell,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bell,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nîmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sète
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Cyclones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Moraine Valley Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konijeti_Rosaiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Flint Junior College (1923-c.1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Flint Community Junior College (c.1955–1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Moultrie Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tifton,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Garnet&gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Litterae, Religio, Scientia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Writing, Divinity, Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mount Allison University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitatis Montis Allisoniani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sackville,_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Rapids,_Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Greenandblue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mount Vernon Nazarene University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Patel_School_of_Technology_Management_and_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Patel_School_of_Technology_Management_and_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Patel_School_of_Technology_Management_and_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Victor the Viking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Murdoch University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Arab_Emirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Universities_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	WORK IS WORSHIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Venkateswara_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikrama_Simhapuri_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawaharlal_Nehru_Technological_University,_Anantapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota,_Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	NETES Institute of Technology & Science Mirza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirza,_Kamrup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	IEFRian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Read in the name thy Lord who creates!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisalabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazal_Ahmad_Khalid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nagaland University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medziphema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National Agriculture and Food Research Organization (NARO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	National Agriculture and Bio-oriented Research Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuyama,_Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saitama,_Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National Defense University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePresident	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_China_Air_Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_China_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	NIMT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Nursing_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyumri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanadzor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	WhiteandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National (Metsovian) Technical University of Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Εθνικό Μετσόβιο Πολυτεχνείο
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soundRecording	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens__1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bulldog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	NU Bulldogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Pambansa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Colegio Filipino (1900–1905)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	National Academy (1916–1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Athletic_Association_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fír Fer (Irish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth; Manhood's Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ollscoil na hÉireann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_College_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mengilham Harapan, Mencipta Masa Depan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunku_Naquiyuddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Эрдмийн хэт цахиваас, хөгжлийн гал бадармой
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	From education, the flame of progress flourishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National University of Mongolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulaanbaatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkhon_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National University of Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Malaya, Singapore campus (1949-1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Chorh_Chuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Qualitatum, Eqelentia et Pertinanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Quality, Excellence and Pertinence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Nacional del Nordeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaco_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Naval Institute of Technology, Naval High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval,_Biliran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval,_Biliran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bulldogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Navarro College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Navarro Junior College (1946–1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexia,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midlothian,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	New Brunswick Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramichi,_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	New Horizon Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	न्यू होराईजन इन्स्टिच्युट
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribhuvan_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokhara_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue(University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Old gold(Humanities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal blue(Science)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Palatinate(Medicine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TheGeordies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Brink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Spirit of Integrity - Wholeness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nipissing University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bay,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	knowledge Purifies, Charity Enhances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education is Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	নোয়াখালি সরকারী কলেজ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Board_of_Intermediate_and_Secondary_Education,_Comilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Alberta Vocational College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetaskiwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Plain,_Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nord University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodø
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stjørdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	North American Stallions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	North American University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mens et Manus (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	North Carolina A&T University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The Agricultural and Mechanical College for the Colored Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurgood_Marshall_College_Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Think and Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts (1887–1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Carolina State College (1918–1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Woodson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	North Island College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alberni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_River,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alberni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let  noble thoughts come from all directions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Lakhimpur commerce college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_India_Engineering_College_(Delhi)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_India_Engineering_College_(Delhi)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_India_Engineering_College_(Delhi)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrace,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Rupert,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisga'a
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithers,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazelton,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Crusaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Northwest Nazarene University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampa,_Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Sky Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Association_of_State_Universities_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Willie the Wildcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Quaecumque sunt vera (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Whatsoever things are true (Philippians4:8AV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The word full of grace and truth (Gospel of John1:14)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evanston,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_I._Linzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Northwestern_University_buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	NW-SCC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_Shoals,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_Shoals,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Campbell,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Campbell,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Norwegian University of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Norges Teknisk-Naturvitenskapelige Universitet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Student_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Association_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Argonaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Redwhiteblue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nottingham Trent University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy blue & Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Razor the Shark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nova Southeastern University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Nova University of Advanced Technology (1964-70)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Nova University (1970-94)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Bar_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dental_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psychological_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Physical_Therapy_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Colleges_and_Universities_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_F._Ferrero_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_for_the_Education_of_Young_Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Town,_North_Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Americans_in_the_United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&white;
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arviat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Vandermeulen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Oakland Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Hills,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Hills,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southfield,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ohio Dominican University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Council_of_Universities_of_Saint_Thomas_Aquinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Brutus Buckeye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Buckeyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education for Citizenship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Ohio State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_System_of_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_System_of_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_V._Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rufus the Bobcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Religio Doctrina Civilitas, Prae Omnibus Virtus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Religion, Learning, Civility; Above All, Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ohio University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	American University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_System_of_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_System_of_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderick_J._McDavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green, Yellow and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ohlone College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Community_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White;black;red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Okanagan College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penticton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Olivet University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anza,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_Nazarene_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ontario Institute for Studies in Education of theUniversity of Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Child_Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Stands for Quality Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biju_Patnaik_University_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Rhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detmold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Höxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mount Carmel La Salle (School) / Carmelian-Lasallians (Students)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	De La Salle Supervised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._La_Salle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_St._John-Roxas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Salle_Supervised_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Oxford Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	CAPT.Tom Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAE_Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fly High, your Future is in the Skies 1989 - 2014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Where Dreams take Flight 2014 - present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	PATTS Dalubhasaan ng Eronotika (Filipino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	PATS School of Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commission_on_Higher_Education_(Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter-Scholastic_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Tomas A Cloma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Admirals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commission_on_Higher_Education_(Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Coast_Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Philippine Maritime Institute Colleges Bohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasasan ng PMI Colleges Bohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Fortuna Favet Fortibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagbilaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanjavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PSG Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	PSG College of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharathiar_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pacific Academy of Higher Education and Research University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagawati_Prakash_Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Padre Conceição (Portuguese), ''Padre Konseisanv (Konkani)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerlifting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verna,_Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pakistan Institute of Public Finance Accountants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Federation_of_Accountants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy_School_of_Logistics_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy_School_of_Logistics_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officerInCharge	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy_School_of_Logistics_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asif_Sandila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Paris-Saclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Île-de-France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewlett-Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Canary and Wine (gold and burgundy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fides et Labor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Parkland College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melville,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvington,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	TrustUnity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Parkwood School International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Board_of_Secondary_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Parshvanath College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasarvadavali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade do Estado do Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragominas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conceição_do_Araguaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igarapé-Açu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Miguel_do_Guamá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucuruí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Patna University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Nath_Kovind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université Paul Cézanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-en-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	WE Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Paul Quinn College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sorrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GreenandBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Pearson Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxfam_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Forces_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter-American_Defense_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Paterson_School_of_International_Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canadian_Mounted_Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Pedagógica y Tecnológica de Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyacá_Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquinquirá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Nittany Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Making Life Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Pennsylvania State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_College,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Park,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_J._Barron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Institute_of_Business_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Institute_of_Business_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joondalup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Institute_of_Business_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Cowan_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	دانشگاه صنعت نفت
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Abadan Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmudabad,_Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Inang Pamantasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Philippine Normal University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1901–1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabela_(province)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negros_Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft_Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Philscanian, Iron Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Philippine State College of Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Estadong Dalubhasaang Aeronautika ng Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commission_on_Higher_Education_(Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Aviation_Authority_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_Regulation_Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Air_Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villamor_Air_Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Greenandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Roary theSea Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Sea Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Christian_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cremona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piacenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	PUPOY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Politeknikong Unibersidad ng Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Manila Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1904–1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1908–1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Philippine College of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Association_of_State_Universities_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PUP Mighty Maroons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(Parañaque Campus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Politeknikong Pamantasan ng Pilipinas, Parañaque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines Quezon City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	PUPOY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Athletic_Association_of_Schools,_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	PUPOY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro,_Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	PUP Pylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(Santo Tomas, Batangas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Santo Tomas, Batangas'''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	PUP Santo Tomas Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Tomas,_Batangas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batangas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Association_of_State_Universities_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sistema ng Politeknikong Unibersidad ng Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Manila Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1908–1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Titan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Polytechnic University of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(Taguig Branch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueandgrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poços_de_Caldas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	With wings, nothing is heavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orani_João_Tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Seréis mis testigos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fausto_Trávez_Trávez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_Samarasekera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Hill,Panthers & Lady Panthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Prairie View Produces Productive People.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Prairie View A&M University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Agricultural and Mechanical College for the Benefit of Colored Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Prairie View University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Doctus in Regno Cœlorum (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Presbyterian Theological College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GreenandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Presentation College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen,_South_Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	প্রেসিডেন্সি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anuradha_Lohia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PIMSAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Prince of Songkla University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	มหาวิทยาลัยสงขลานครินทร์ (ม.อ.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuket_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Priydarshini Institute of Engineering and Technology.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Professional Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The Academy of Professional Accountants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_(Gujrat)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujrat_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_(Gujrat)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Amer_Mahmood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_(Gujrat)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Board_of_Intermediate_and_Secondary_Education,_Gujranwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Punjab College Kharian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Amer_Mahmood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Purdue Pete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Boilermakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Purdue University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pázmány Péter Katolikus Egyetem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piliscsaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Research_Universities_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Association_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, Blue, and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Queen's College at Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1841–1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	QUB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Pro tanto quid retribuamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RVites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rashtreeya Vidyalaya College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dark green, gold and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Perita manus mens exculta (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	RMIT University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Melbourne Technical College (1934–1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Technology_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Switkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_G._Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Literally, 'a campus of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Royal Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	RMIT University Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Technology_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_U8_Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Universities_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_G._Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Always be cheerful, Avoid bad company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Network of Universities of Science and Technology of the Countries of Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frédéric_Dohou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huehuetenango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugata_Marjit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rajalakshmi Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Engineering_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rajalakshmi School of Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ராஜலட்சுமி கட்டிடக்கலை பள்ளி
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Engineering_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thandalam,_Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellowblue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(มทร. ศรีวิชัย)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songkhla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songkhla_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trang_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	भूतये  प्रभवतु  सान्केतिक्विद्या
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_P_J_Abdul_Kalam_Technological_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is the ultimate aim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red & Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	* May nostrum scientia fio splendens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Latin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	* तेजस्वि नावधीतमस्तु
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Ranchiensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draupadi_Murmu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rappahannock Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenns,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Crow_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Crow_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Crow_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Regional Science High School for Region I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangar,_La_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Rhodian, Rhodent (informally)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vis, virtus, veritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rhodes University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sizwe_Mabizela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Sammy the Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Letters, Science, Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rice University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	William Marsh Rice University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Leebron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Riphah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Riphah International University Faisalabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	رفاہ بین الاقوامی یونیورسٹی فیصل آباد
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisalabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anis_Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Crimson and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Panthera pardus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Beyond Borders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	立命館大学
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Kyoto Hosei School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibaraki,_Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusatsu,_Shiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Network_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_Asia_Pacific_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RTU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rizal Technological University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boni_Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Robson Hall (University of Manitoba Faculty of Law)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rocky the Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A Heritage of Excellence & Diversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffern,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rocky Vista University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yife_Tien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_E._Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Romblon State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajidiocan,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Agustin,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calatrava,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GreenWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaumburg,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ravens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rosemont College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Merion_Township,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White,Blue,Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rourkela Institute of Management Studies,Odisha, INDIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	R I M S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambalpur_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	RedandGray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Laurel,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Esse quam videri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Princess_Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cégep_de_Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Saint-Jean_(Quebec)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	RMC Paladinknightin scarlet uniform and shield (2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Paladins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth, Duty, Valour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Society_of_Military_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defence_Research_and_Development_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ollscoil Ríoga na hÉireann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Catholic University of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RUB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	menschlich – weltoffen – leistungsstark (German)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	People-centred – Cosmopolitan – High-performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ruhr-Universität Bochum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Rhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Forschungsgemeinschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rungta Group Of Institutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhattisgarh_Swami_Vivekanand_Technical_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sol iustitiae et occidentem illustra.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Business_–_Camden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rutgers School of Health Professions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_Plains,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Longevity, Advancement, Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rutherford University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbabane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mente et Artificio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ryerson University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Ryerson Institute of Technology, Ryerson Polytechnic Institute , Ryerson Polytechnic University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is Nectar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SEGians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petaling_Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_College_Penang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SIES Graduate School of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navi_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(An enlightened women is a source of Infinite strength).
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graça_Machel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Princess_Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Learn, Leap, Lead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	SRM Engineering College (1985–2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramapuram,_Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadapalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellowandblack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Hornets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	New York State Institute of Applied Arts and Sciences at BinghamtonBroome County Technical InstituteBroome Technical Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owego,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Tioga_County,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SUTAMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvananthapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	S P Jain, S P Jain Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	S P Jain School of Global Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_and_Human_Development_Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandGrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	One step ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CAE Oxford Aviation Academy Brussels - Sabena Flight Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Évora_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Évora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	सैफई स्पोर्टस कालेज, सैफई (इटावा)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Advancing in wisdom and virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Joseph English Medium School, St. Joseph High School, St. Joseph High School and College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For the greater glory of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saint Joseph University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli,_Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Arab_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Husky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saint Mary's University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax,_Nova_Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, White, & Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cardinals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Virtue and Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saint Mary's University of Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitatis Sanctæ Mariæ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saint Paul University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_Educational_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Silver (academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bearcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bearcats / Lady Bearcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veri iustique scientia vindex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth, justice and wisdom will conquer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latrobe,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Robert_Nowicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cardinal blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sakarya Üniversitesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogi_State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_International_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fuwape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Salve Regina Seahawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Maria Spes Nostra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mary, Our Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Salve Regina University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SIMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Samumdra Institute of Maritime Studies (SIMS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fides, Scientia, et Virtus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Faith, Knowledge, and Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	San Beda College Alabang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Moe Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	San Diego Christian College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Christian Heritage College (1970-2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santee,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Scarlet and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Aztec warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Aztecs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	San Diego Normal School (1897-1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	San Diego State Teachers College (1923–1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Experientia Docet (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	San Francisco State Normal School (1899–1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	San Francisco State Teachers College (1921–35)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	San Francisco State College (1935–72)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_E._Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SVIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Yantravidya Paravidya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Society_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamla_Beniwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple,Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saskatchewan Polytechnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GoldandBlack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Art the Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ars longa, vita brevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacoste,_Hérault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Pune, University of Poona, Pune University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan_Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	School of Pedagogical and Technological Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ανώτατη Σχολή Παιδαγωγικής και Τεχνολογικής Εκπαίδευσης
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunan_Normal_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The lion and the fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Paris Institute of Political Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dijon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Havre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Nec Tamen Consumebatur (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	স্কটিশ চার্চ কলেজ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	gold&Maroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlegar,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeonggi_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Professionalism & Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castelnaudary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Arab_Emirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London_International_Programmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SUST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Sylhet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Hamid_(politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Md_Aminul_Haque_Bhuyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rani_Channamma_University,_Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutaramanahatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Shalamar Medical and Dental College (SMDC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore_University_of_Management_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalil-ur-Rehman_Ramday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Medical_and_Dental_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Goddess Sharda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GarnetandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Shaw University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Raleigh Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-i-Kashmir_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-i-Kashmir_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-i-Kashmir_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is the elixir of life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Shivaji University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolhapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Competent, Purposeful, and Ethical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Joseph's College (1919&ndash;1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Wolverines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dream. Learn. Do.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Placer College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Viridian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Silpakorn University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phra_Nakhon_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Pathom_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phetchaburi_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, blue, and grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	McFogg the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Nous sommes prêts (French)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Petter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Newbridge College (previously known as Sinar College)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacca_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacca_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_School_of_Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Culinary_Institute_of_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nevada,_Las_Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sobey School of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Foundation_for_Management_Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_Gamma_Sigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Institute_of_Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sonora Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Obregón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navojoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANUIES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurghada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Spark Your Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Southampton Solent University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GuildHE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_West,_Baron_West_of_Spithead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assiniboia,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moosomin,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitewood,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Careers_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlingen,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Careers_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharr,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Careers_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Southern Cross University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lismore,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Universities_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbondale,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIU_Edwardsville_Cougars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Petey Penmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Summa Optimaque (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accreditation_Council_for_Business_Schools_and_Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_LeBlanc_(college_president)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sri Chandrasekharendra Saraswathi Viswa Mahavidyalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanchipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederation_of_Indian_Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Society_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Council_of_Educational_Research_and_Training,_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Skill_Development_and_Entrepreneurship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sai_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sri Sai Group of Institutes / Sri Sai University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathankot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab,_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sri Siddhartha Academy of Higher Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sri Siddhartha Medical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumkur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddhartha_Medical_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePresident	http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._Parameshwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SSN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiv_Nadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Charity or Love of one's Fellow men is true Nobility.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changanassery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard's_School_of_Theology_and_Ministry	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Bernard's School of Theology and Ministry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard's_School_of_Theology_and_Ministry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rochester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard's_School_of_Theology_and_Ministry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	A Wildcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Catherine University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueand White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	X-MenandX-Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Quaecumque Sunt Vera (Whatsoever things are true, Philippians 4:4-9)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SJC, St. John's, John's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Men And Women For Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Platypus/Book/Axolotl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Facio liberos ex liberis libris libraque (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_New_Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St John's, Kondadaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kothavalasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Johns River Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatka,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augustine,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_College_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Park,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A College With A Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Paul's University College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Axworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	STC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Thomas College Palai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kallarangatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Pallotti College, Vincent Pallotti.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Arise and Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Vincent Pallotti College of Engineering and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SVPCET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Nothing Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrew's_Greek_Orthodox_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrew's_Greek_Orthodox_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfern,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrew's_Greek_Orthodox_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylianos_Harkianakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St Martin's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambleside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Show Thyself a Mother\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Hill,_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, white and yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	DCU Drumcondra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St Patrick's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Coláiste Phádraig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumcondra,_Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_of_the_Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaelic_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saint Patrick's College, Maynooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegium Sti Patricii Apud Maynooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Staffordshire University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	green, white & gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mighty Oaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_D._Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin) Pectora roborant cultus recti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiteit van Stellenbosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Higher_Education_Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Rupert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Stevens Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ducks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Through adversity to the stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoboken,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nariman_Farvardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Stradfordians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lead, Innovative,Excel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Stradford International College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelugor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_and_Guilds_of_London_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Church,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Beach,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Allen,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbridge,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Honestas et Diligentia (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Suffolk University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_of_Schools_of_Public_Policy,_Affairs,_and_Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Observe your duty to God and it is God that teaches you (al-Baqarah:282)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Islam Sultan Sharif Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Сумський національний аграрний університет
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okhtyrka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Supélec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniverSud_Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hervé_Biausser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue, Lime Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Start Here, Go Anywhere!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sussex County Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehradun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Nursing_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Nanded University,SRTMU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	मराठवाडा विद्यापीठ, नांदेड
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Vidyasagar_Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Technical skill is bereft without culture)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Swansea University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodri_Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Swinburne University of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Universities_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NICTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	São Paulo State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Estadual Paulista \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Araçatuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidente_Prudente,_São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Claro,_São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorocaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eindhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Autonomous_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Autonomous_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utkal_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Autonomous_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lex Supremus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tamil Nadu Dr. Ambedkar Law University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Public_Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Excellence Innovation Achievement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_AYUSH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Nursing_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pambansang Pamantasan ng Tarlac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accrediting_Agency_of_Chartered_Colleges_and_Universities_in_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Central_Luzon_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	A. Alfred Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Institute_of_Architecture_Students
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Council_of_Architectural_Registration_Boards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Technische Hochschule Köln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leverkusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Rhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummersbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummersbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	DTU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Danmarks Tekniske Universitet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Danmarks Tekniske Højskole(1933–1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyngby-Taarbæk_Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongens_Lyngby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grevena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Catalonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ternopil_National_Economic_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Aggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Texas A&M University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas (1871–1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_K._Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Reveille IX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Aggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Texas A&M University at Qatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Rayyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sharp_(Texas_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_K._Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and Old gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Boko the Bobcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bobcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_for_North_American_Higher_Education_Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Trauth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abilene,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Classical Chinese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Through learning and temperance to virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	香港中文大學（深圳）
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Sung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_University_of_Health_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Sage Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Thompson Rivers University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Oppal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	A University set up by the Government of Kerala under the Thunchath Ezhuthachan Malayalam University Act, 2012.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	And approved under section 2 (f) of the University Grants Commission (UGC) Act.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malappuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Jayakumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tidewater Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Junior_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Toc H Institute of Science & Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arakkunnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TFC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Toccoa Falls College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Assembly_for_Collegiate_Business_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tokai University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanagawa_Prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumamoto_Prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TSE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	At the heart of economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Toulouse School of Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_1_University_Capitole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Tirole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Greenand white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Tapscott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Trojans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Trevecca Nazarene University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	gold&blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Spartans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley,_British_Columbia_(district_municipality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tritonia, Vaasan tiedekirjasto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Vaasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaasa_University_of_Applied_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanken_School_of_Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Tshwane University of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polokwane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ga-Rankuwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soshanguve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education to Employment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainfield,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranford,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_Plains,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	From Knowledge, Sea Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	United States Naval Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soundRecording	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy__2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Encouraging the flame of truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuevo_León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANUIES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CUMEX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UASD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hato_Mayor_del_Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_de_Macorís
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_de_Macorís
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Rodríguez_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Burgundy and Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Formando Empresarios con Visión Internacional (inSpanish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Del Pacífico - Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organization_of_American_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_F._Drucker_and_Masatoshi_Ito_Graduate_School_of_Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Study, Progress, Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galápagos_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	JAGUARS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Por mi patria, ciencia y progreso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad del Noreste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Northeastern University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_for_North_American_Higher_Education_Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Strive to Excel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Malaysia Sabah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhar_Mahiruddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musa_Aman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Kontemporari dan Berpandangan Jauh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Contemporary & Forward Looking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarawak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Samarahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Taib_Mahmud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, white and grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	With Knowledge We Serve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Putra Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1931–1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1947–1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Universiti Pertanian Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Kembangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red,WhiteandSilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Solar Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UNITEN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Menjana Profesional (1997-2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Tenaga Nasional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Institut Latihan Sultan Ahmad Shah (1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad Astra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To the stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College Lillebaelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vejle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svendborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svendborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College South Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbjerg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haderslev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aabenraa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haderslev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbjerg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College Sjælland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slagelse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalundborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Næstved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slagelse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorø
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorø
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Advancement of Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugata_Marjit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College of Southeast Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hønefoss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rauland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College of the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	विश्वविद्यालय अभियांत्रिकी एवं प्रोद्योगिकी संस्थान, कुरुक्षेत्र विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurukshetra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge for Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamale,_Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navrongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyankpala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Initium sapientiae timor domini (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Aberdonensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla,_Duchess_of_Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marischal_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sub Cruce Lumen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Adelaidensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Wine_Centre_of_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Scarce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath,_Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward,_Earl_of_Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Keynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bercow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Rammell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ke Arah Kesempurnaan Insan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Bruneiensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassanal_Bolkiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshari_Nath_Tripathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, gold, and black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Calgary Dinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Elizabeth_Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat lux (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Napolitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Berkeley Blue &
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	California Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Oski the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat lux (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of California, Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Dirks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Anteaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat lux (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_Student_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat lux (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of California, Merced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Leland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Sky blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Highlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_D'Anieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	King Triton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tritons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat lux (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pradeep_Khosla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Gaucho gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat lux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	*Santa Barbara State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	*Santa Barbara College of the University of California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_T._Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cambridge Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Literal: From here, light and sacred draughts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Non-literal: From this place, we gain enlightenment and precious knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sainsbury,_Baron_Sainsbury_of_Turville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Light Blue,Dark Blue,BlackandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ikeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Spes Bona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Cape Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	South African College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graça_Machel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Asia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyzstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Asia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Asia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	UCPian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PICS, UCP, PCBA, PCE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Central Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	UCP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Computing_Education_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Amer_Mahmood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellesmere_Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Chip (costume)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Colorado Boulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_D._Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Buffaloes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Trinity Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of East Anglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Richardson_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Academica Edinburgensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_O'Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne,_Princess_Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	We follow the light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penryn,_Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Myners,_Baron_Myners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Albert and Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Civium in moribus rei publicae salus (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In the character of its citizens is the strength of the State.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of the State of Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainesville,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_System_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Martin_Biotechnology_Incubator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In lumine tuo videbimus lumen (\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Fort Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice,_Eastern_Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London,_Eastern_Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Via, Veritas, Vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Muscatelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Snowden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Glasgow University Law Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Glasgow University Mooting Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentOrganisation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Gryphons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph-Humber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Vaccarino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge Itself Is Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	FernUniversität in Hagen (German)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACQUIN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AQAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_for_International_Business_Administration_Accreditation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Hawaiian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dark green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sapientia et Virtus (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	明德格物 (Chinese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Wisdom and Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mathieson_(nephrologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mathieson_(nephrologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Inspiring tomorrow's professionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Huddersfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sā vidya ya vimuktate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	హైదరాబాద్ విశ్వవిద్యాలయము
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Rangarajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Illinois blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	None (2007–present)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Chief Illiniwek(1926–2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Fighting Illini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	at Urbana–Champaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Illinois Industrial University (1867–1885)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Illinois (1885–1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_system
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritas, Probitas, Iustitia (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth, Honesty, Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	School of Medicine for Javanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Diens Deur Kennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Service Through Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Randse Afrikaanse Universiteit (Rand Afrikaans University) (1967–2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narinder_Nath_Vohra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Kent Blue and Kent Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Literal translation: 'Whom to serve is to reign'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Book of Common Prayertranslation: 'whose service is perfect freedom')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_ARC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Esler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westville,_KwaZulu-Natal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietermaritzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/KwaZulu-Natal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Lime green & Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakpattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Le savoir vivant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lausanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chavannes-près-Renens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Écublens,_Vaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouria_Hernandez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	May we learn the laws and ordinances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The College of Law (1962-2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guildford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Grabiner,_Baron_Grabiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvyn_Bragg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue&Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Luxie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Lethbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Adebowale,_Baron_Adebowale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UMa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Madeira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funchal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squash_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konijeti_Rosaiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientiae in Austro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Magallanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad de Magallanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Arenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Natales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyhaique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red,goldandblue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Malaya University (MU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ut Fructificemus Deo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	L-Università ta' Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Msida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compostela_Group_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GreenandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Instituto de Manila ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_City_of_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Udo the Red Panda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth in everything should be the supreme law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_on_Business_&_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFA_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Forschungsgemeinschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_University_of_Applied_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susann-Annette_Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst-Ludwig_von_Thadden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black, Gold, Red, White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	An Honors University in Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Maryland,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Baltimore County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_System_of_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeman_A._Hrabowski_III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, gold, black, white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Strong deeds, gentle words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Maryland State College (1916–1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Loh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UMass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Dartmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Medical_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Meehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Sam the Minuteman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Minutemen and Minutewomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ense petit placidam sub libertate quietem (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Massachusetts State College (1931–1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_State_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amherst_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	UMass Boston Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bobby Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Beacons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Massachusetts Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Meehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_Plains,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Postera Crescam Laude (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	yellowandblack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Homo Hominis In Ministerio Perficitur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANUIES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAFSA:_Association_of_International_Educators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compostela_Group_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	red&black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sapere Aude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dare to be Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of New Brunswick (1800–1828)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	King's College (1828–1859)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueandwhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Nor'easters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	New South Wales University of Technology (1949–1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gonski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Novocastrium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University Of Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limassol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larnaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Greenwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Carolina Blue& white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tar Heels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lux libertas(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Carolina University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hill,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Folt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green, White and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Scrappy the Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of North Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Texas Normal College and
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Teacher Training Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1890–1894)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1894–1901)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1901–1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Texas State Teachers College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Texas State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Foundation_for_the_Advancement_of_Teaching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Texas_Mean_Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UNBC Timberwolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Northern British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Moore_(Canadian_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In principio erat Verbum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Notre Dame Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_Educational_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sapientia urbs conditur (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Witty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	House of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	House of Divinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A City is Built on Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Nottingham Malaysia Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Nottingham in Malaysia (UNiM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Witty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia Vinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Univerza v Novi Gorici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Nova Gorica Polytechnic, School of Environmental Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubljana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Gorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Non Scholæ Sed Vitæ ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Unibersidad kan Nueva Caceres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Schools_Athletic_Association_(Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicito_Payumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayala_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Greyhound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UNC Greyhounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Non Scholæ Sed Vitæ ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(UNC - Bataan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	* Unibersidad ng Nueva Caceres - Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	* Universidad de Nueva Caceres - Bataan''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayala_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	lighterblue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Hunter the Ridgeback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	'''University of Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowing_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrin_Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mind moves the mass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Oregonensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_H._Schill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Ducks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Garnet and Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	God is the Lord of knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of Ottawa (1861–1866)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Oxford blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dominus Illuminatio Mea (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Oxoniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europaeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_(universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Pennsylvaniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_City,_Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Price_(educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Via Domitia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Perpignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Perpinianum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mende,_Lozère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehradun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, Red & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Oom Gert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tuks or Tukkies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad Destinatum Persequor (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	With zeal and perseverance I strive towards the goal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_of_Tertiary_Institutions_of_the_Northern_Metropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_de_la_Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-en-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambesc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia ac Labore (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitate Terrae Reginensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Varghese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/EdX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	धर्मो विश्वस्य जगतः प्रतिस्था (Dharmo Vishwasya Jagatah Pratishtha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan_Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Rams(football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	As one who serves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Regina College (1911-1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Regina Campus of theUniversity of Saskatchewan(1961-1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleville-Mézières
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Châlons-en-Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	La volonté de progresser, d'innover, d'entreprendre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Rennes 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université de Rennes I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lannion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Malo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red for courage, gold for victory over evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Virtus et Scientia (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of San Agustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Colegio de San Agustin de Iloilo (1904–1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaro,_Iloilo_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Saint_Augustine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_Saint_Augustine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_University_Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_for_North_American_Higher_Education_Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Compostela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galicia_(Spain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compostela_Group_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	25pxGrowling Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritas in Caritate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pontifical and Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Unibersidad ng Santo Tomás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad de Santo Tomás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pontificia et Regalis Sancti Thomæ Aquinatis Universitas Manilana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Colegio de Nuestra Señora del Santísimo Rosario, Colegio de Santo Tomás de Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampaloc,_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Athletic_Association_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yale blue,metallic gold,silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	یونیورسٹی  آف سرگودھا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargodha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhakkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisalabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujranwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Howler (the Huskie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For God and Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Huskies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Greenand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Huskie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Saskatchewan College of Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Huskies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black & gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To discover the causes of things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Rafferty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Uniwersytet Śląski w Katowicach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosnowiec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cieszyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorzów
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Work Smart and Reach High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of South Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Bar_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth and Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_System_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soundRecording	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida__1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Glamorgan, University of Wales, Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontypridd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas de Sotoniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_(universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SDU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Syddansk Universitet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sønderborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slagelse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sønderborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Champ the Husky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Huskies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Connecting You with Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Gorham State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Maine at Portland-Gorham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewiston,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toowoomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipswich,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Universities_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Celts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Crescamus in Christo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	May we grow in Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ivany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	University of St Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	St Mary's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	School of Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(AIEN ARISTEUEIN)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ever to Excel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of St Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews_Athletic_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Mapstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Humanities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Place of Useful Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Strathclyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Physics_and_Engineering_in_Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith,_Baron_Smith_of_Kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bury_St_Edmunds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowestoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipswich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Yarmouth_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowestoft_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueand gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward,_Duke_of_Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Badger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	English: \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Sidneiensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Spence_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney_Faculty_of_Dentistry	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Faculty of Dentistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney_Faculty_of_Dentistry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surry_Hills,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney_Faculty_of_Dentistry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Esse quam videri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Tampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chemical_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Colleges_and_Universities_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Alliance_of_Museums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	RedBlack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ingeniis Patuit Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Field_(Australian_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Teknologi Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Technical College (1942–1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Institut Teknologi Kebangsaan (1971–1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johor_Bahru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Zarith_Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange, Gray, Green, & Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Cultivated mind is the guardian genius of democracy.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rio Grande Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAllen,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Longhorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Disciplina praesidium civitatis (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Texas at Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The University of Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_L._Fenves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Roadrunners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A cultivated mind is the guardian genius of democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_State_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_for_North_American_Higher_Education_Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Romo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	True Blue (the Beaver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Varsity Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Torontonensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wilson_(Canadian_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meric_Gertler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	University Red, Black, Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Utes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Deseret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Victoria Vikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Victoria College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmarthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrexham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Wales Trinity Saint David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyn_Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Harry the Husky,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Mari_Cauce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	King Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In harmony with truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Waterloo College Affiliated Faculties (1956–1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feridun_Hamdullahpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Western University of London Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amit_Chakma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blueandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Bonitatem, disciplinam, scientiam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	[Teach me]Goodness, discipline, knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Assumption College, Assumption University of Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lux et Veritas Floreant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Trimbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Baxter The Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Personalised Experiences: World-Class Results
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Wollongong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Global_Partnership_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad de Zaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Almunia_de_Doña_Godina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teruel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Aegean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mytilene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlovasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermoupoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrina,_Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Açor (goshawk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade dos Açores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Instituto Universitário dos Açores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angra_do_Heroísmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Miguel_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	博學篤志，格物明德
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Chinese Academy of Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	RedandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Firebirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the District of Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UE Red Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In the Service of Youth, Country and God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasan ng Silangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Athletic_Association_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Sasq 'ets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UFV Cascades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Fraser Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitatis Gambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serekunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serekunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brikama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahya_Jammeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	California Wesleyan College (1851)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napa_Valley_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Higher_Education_Accreditation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shai_Reshef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Bureau_for_Private_Postsecondary_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	15px|borderUP MaroonandUP Forest Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Honor and Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_E._Pascual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Honor and Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Athletic_Association_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Pioneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PU Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujranwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Commission_of_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujahid_Kamran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Historically American. Uniquely Caribbean. Globally Interactive.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Pelican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Oriens Ex Occidente Lux (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the West Indies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Beckles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White, red and black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the West of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, black and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Accingere in Ardua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To achieve through hard work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the West of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elish_Angiolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bush, Udubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Respice Prospice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Look Ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Western Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thabo_Makgoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge and work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Witwatersrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	South African School of Mines(1896–1904), Transvaal Technical Institute (1904–1906),Transvaal University College(1906–1910), South African School of Mines and Technology (1910–1920), University College, Johannesburg (1920–1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dikgang_Moseneke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Hic et nunc sapere aude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	eCampus University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palermo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sedes Sapientiae (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université catholique de Louvain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tournai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Blondel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Surge illuminare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Arise, Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmundston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shippagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Carabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fide splendet et scientia (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université de Sherbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longueuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université du Québec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blackandRed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université du Québec en Abitibi-Témiscamingue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varennes,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Libre de voir plus loin (French: free to see further)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université du Québec à Chicoutimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Félicien,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoriaville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummondville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hyacinthe,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joliette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White and Navy Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ইউরিয়া সার কারখানা স্কুল এন্ড কলেজ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsingdi_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Grooming the most Valuable Resource of the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Usman Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzoor_Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	सर्वे भवन्तु सुखिनः सर्वे सन्तु निरामयाः
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Uttar Pradesh University of Medical Sciences, Saifai, Etawah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Prabhakar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tamasoma Jyotirgamaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	VNR Vignana Jyothi Institute of Engineering and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawaharlal_Nehru_Technological_University,_Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Viking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Valley Christian Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Enjoy the journey, Love where you learn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_River,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota,_Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_Education_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	MAU, MKV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vasantrao Naik Marathwada Agricultural University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parbhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UVSQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université de Versailles-Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambouillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantes-la-Jolie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniverSud_Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Vayssière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Educating Generations, Building Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Victor Valley College (VVC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azusa_Pacific_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_La_Verne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	VVCites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Alliance_in_Management_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ut Prosim (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Virginia Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacksburg,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leesburg,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamplin College of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Church,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sumichrast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Modalu mānavanāgu (ಮೊದಲು ಮಾನವನಾಗು)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Visvesvaraya Technological University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throwball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vlerick Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black, light blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Libera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(Reformata Amstelodamensis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	orange, white, blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Conquering darkness by science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Bruxellensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderlecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	we school
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Welingkar Institute of Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	WHU – Otto Beisheim School of Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Düsseldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Düsseldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Wyższe Szkoły Bankowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorzów
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrocław
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poznań
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorzów
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gdańsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bydgoszcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrocław
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educational_Testing_Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Forest Greenand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Mountain Ash Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Place,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cougars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1890–1905)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1905–1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pullman,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Schulz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	WBSU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Barasat University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	पश्चिम बंगाल राज्य विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barasat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshari_Nath_Tripathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	West Coast University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaheim,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Falcons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Once You Go Here, You Can Go Anywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	West Hills College Coalinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	West Hills Community College District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalinga,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Once You Go Here, You Can Go Anywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	West Hills College Lemoore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	West Hills Community College District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemoore,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Service, Harmony, Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	West Visayas State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Estado ng Kanlurang Bisayas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iloilo_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University,_Janiuay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University,_Pototan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Latin: Scientia Integritas Servitium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge Integrity Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Northeastern College, Springfield Division (1919-1922),Northeastern Universityof the Boston YMCA, Springfield Division (1922-1935),Northeastern University, Springfield Division (1935-1951), Western New England College (1951-2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	maroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Western Sydney University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Shergold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Christus Primatum Tenens: Christ Holding Preeminence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Westmont College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montecito,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara_County,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_School_of_the_University_of_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Wheelock College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritas Omnia Vincit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth conquers all
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Wilfrid Laurier University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The World Islamic Science & Education University (The WISE University or W.I.S.E)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Ghazi_bin_Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talal_of_Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Maritime_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	World Maritime University (WMU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	WUB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Utilitarian Education for Economic Emancipation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(Bangladesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Mannan_Choudhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Deo Adjuvante Non Timendum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_–_Ateneo_de_Cagayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Stamina, Genius; Loyalty, Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlaing_Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Al-Yarmouk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irbid_Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Yeshwantrao Chavan College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tentanda via (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	York University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Federation_of_Students
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Yukon College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehorse,_Yukon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Alaska_Southeast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Écublens,_Vaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_universitaire_de_la_Francophonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Vetterli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ponts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParisTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_School_of_Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	black&Maroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École nationale d'administration publique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saguenay,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trois-Rivières
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Engineering the future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ENAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The aeronautical reference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	'''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castelnaudary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elles_Bougent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Houalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melun_Villaroche_Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Yan_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Digital Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École Pour l'Informatique et les Techniques Avancées
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/IONIS_Education_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Sellam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cap_Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ESSCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Créateurs d'avenirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École Supérieure des Sciences Commerciales d’Angers (ESSCA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
