http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMET_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AMUMC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	‘allama’l-insāna mā lam ya‘lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMU_Malappuram_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCH_Academy_of_Design	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Arch Academy of Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCH_Academy_of_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edexcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aalborg University (AAU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbjerg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Message of peace and Brotherhood.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Wali_Khan_University_Mardan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aberystwyth University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_at_Charlemont	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Independent_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AxemenandAxewomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Acadia University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Queen's College (1838–1841)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Accademia Italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accademia_italiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhode_Island_School_of_Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throwball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AJC Bose College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	আচার্য জগদীশ চন্দ্র বসু কলেজ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Jagadish_Chandra_Bose_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Nagarjuna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namburu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AKU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aga Khan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	God give us knnowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Agriculture training institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Training_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aix-Marseille University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université d'Aix-Marseille, Faculté des Sciences de Luminy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-Marseille_University_Faculty_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Get Light From The Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khair_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhimber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Quds_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jamea_tus_Saifiyah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	RedandBlack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Titans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	YellowWhiteandSky Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Ioan_Cuza_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Allamal insaana maa lam ya’lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	আলিয়া বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliah_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Muslim_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_Europaea	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_College,_Madurai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	American National University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_American_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Where Leaders Are Born !
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Leadership	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouagadougou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Amity University Kolkata(AUK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_University_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	अमृत विश्वविद्यापीठम्
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Vishwa_Vidyapeetham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Excellentia per societatem (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Chelmer Institute of Higher Education,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Anglia Polytechnic University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Ruskin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIESEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cardinal and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light and Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Business_School_-_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Academy_for_Science,_Technology_&_Maritime_Transport	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aswan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	الجامعة العربية المفتوحة
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dammam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Knight (formally named Sir Castor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Phoenix (Stormin' Normin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	ACU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Christian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	PurpleOrange (colour)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fraternité, c'est là notre devise ('Brotherhood is our motto')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_et_Métiers_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Carpe Diem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Don_Bosco_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesians_of_Don_Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guwahati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Down_Town_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_Education_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Greyhounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/M5_(universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Asutosh College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asutosh_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ateneo de Manila University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Escuela Municipal de Manila ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Ateneo Municipal de Manila ()
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Ateneo de Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneo_de_Manila_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elberton,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Aurora College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Naturam Primum Cognoscere Rerum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Autónoma de Baja California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomous_University_of_Baja_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensenada,_Baja_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritatis Splendor(Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Splendor of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ave Maria University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinashilingam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	BPPIMT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Poddar_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI_Norwegian_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Handelshøyskolen BI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	University for the Professions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babasaheb_Bhimrao_Ambedkar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador,_Bahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alagoinhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itaberaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conceição_do_Coité
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Navy,white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bahria University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	İstanbul'un Kalbinde Bir Dünya Üniversitesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bahçeşehir University (BAU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahçeşehir_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Your road to success)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_International_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventspils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	BHU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	काशी हिन्दू विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varanasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaras_Hindu_University,_South_campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karan_Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Jnaanam, Vijanana Sahitam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vajubhai_Vala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	(\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College of North Wales (1884-1893)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Colleges_and_Universities_of_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Quality Technical Education through Innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaveshvara_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagalkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bath Spa University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Spa_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''Pro Ecclesia, Pro Texana. (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Baylor University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baylor_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Bahadur_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittagong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittagong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Gulchemonara_Trust_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mymensingh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Berchmans Institute of Management Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changanassery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berchmans_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bergen Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_School_of_Economics_and_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACQUIN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Bethany Bible School and Bethany Biblical Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Theological_Schools_in_the_United_States_and_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Beykent Eğitim Kurumları
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beylikdüzü
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Baccalaureate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beykent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Win the world by innovation.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bharath University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharati_Vidyapeeth_Deemed_University_College_of_Engineering,_Pune	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavan's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblical_Theological_Seminary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhan_Chandra_Krishi_Viswavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haringhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegium Birkbeck Londiniense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkbeck,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''सा विद्या या विमुक्तये
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Sā Vidyā Yā Vimuktaye)''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Jaipur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''सा विद्या या विमुक्तये
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology,_Mesra	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(jñānaṁ paramaṁ balam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is Power Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Birla Institute of Technology & Science, Pilani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Birmingham Conservatoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Conservatoire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple and Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_State_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Big Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckley,_West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisburg,_West_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocconi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFA_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ever to Excel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Cognosce ut prosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Brevard College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broward_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	BIMM Institute: Brighton, Bristol, Berlin, Dublin, Manchester and London (incorporating Tech Music School).
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Modern_Music_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Cheechoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Redandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bryan College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Higher_Education_Accreditation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritatem Dilexi (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Buckinghamshire Chilterns University College (1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_New_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/GuildHE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Budapest Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Műegyetem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Budapest University of Technology and Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Budapesti Műszaki és Gazdaságtudományi Egyetem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_University_of_Technology_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Bulacan State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bustos,_Bulacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulacan_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagonoy,_Bulacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundelkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	சீ அப்துல் ஹக்கிம் கல்லூரி
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Abdul_Hakeem_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvalluvar_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''Engineering Your Career\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECOS_University_of_Information_Technology_and_Emerging_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Technology to meet the needs of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECyT	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Centro de Estudios Científicos y Tecnológicos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIFAD	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libreville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacom_(company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIIT_College_of_Arts_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CTI Education Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloemfontein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTI_Education_Group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London,_Eastern_Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cavaliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrini_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caixanova_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Coruña
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The truth shall make you free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CSPP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_School_of_Professional_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Billy Bronco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Polytechnic_University,_Pomona	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Monte Rey Otter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_Monterey_Bay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey_County,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueand White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaligan_National_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cambridge Biomedical Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Biomedical_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Chiefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	AU Chiefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campuses_of_Arellano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The truth shall set you free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Christ_Church_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatham,_Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Verschuren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Nova Scotia Eastern Institute of Technology (1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College of Cape Breton (1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Breton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney,_Nova_Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Sea Devils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cape Fear Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Capilano Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Vancouver_(district_municipality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llandaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Wales, Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black and red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Carleton University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold & Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Shammie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlow_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Theological_Union	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientiae Ac Sapientiae Lumen Splendeat. Translation: \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_University_College_of_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Centro Colegio de Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Colleges_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Central Georgia Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Jaro Industrial School (1905–1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaro,_Iloilo_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Central Philippines State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himamaylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Philippines_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilog,_Negros_Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CQUniversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Queensland Institute of Technology(Capricornia) (1967-1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockhampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Queensland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Central University of Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Karnataka	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulbarga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	राजस्थान केन्द्रीय विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraleSupélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Châtenay-Malabry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Groupe des Écoles Centrales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrale_Graduate_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Centre for Development Environment and Policy (CeDEP) at SOAS, University of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development,_Environment_and_Policy_at_SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Enseñanza_Técnica_y_Superior	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Center for Technical and Higher Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cesar Vallejo University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Vallejo_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Challenger Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munster,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaminade_University_of_Honolulu	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Champaknagar High School, Champaknagar School And College, Champaknagar Higher Secondary School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaknagar_Model_School_And_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijoynagar_Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Discover. Learn. Empower.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Chandler-Gilbert Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler–Gilbert_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Change your World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Charles Darwin University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Charles University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europaeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CCSU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meerut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	CSJMU, CSJM, KU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shahu_Ji_Maharaj_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_University_of_Seattle	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_College_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Cochin University of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Cymraeg_Cenedlaethol	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Cymraeg_Cenedlaethol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Llandrillo_Cymru	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colwyn_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleg_Menai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Letran Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ecclesiasticus Sancti Iohannis Lateranus Collegium Manilana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegio_de_San_Juan_de_Letran	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intramuros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollegeAmerica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palakkad_district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Applied_Science,_Vadakkencherry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Engineering_Roorkee	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Engineering_Roorkee	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Burgundy&black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(The Truth Always)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_New_Caledonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Saint_Elizabeth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_West_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Avalanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	College of the Rockies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_the_Rockies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_of_Applied_Sciences,_Oman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	« Le choix postsecondaire »
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collège_Boréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Sudbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Institute_of_Research_&_Psychology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(South_Carolina)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_College_(Virginia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia–Greene_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comillas_Pontifical_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Comillas Pontifical University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_College_of_Rhode_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Systems_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Concordia University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_College_(Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connors_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartanburg,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Covenant College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Mountain,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	;
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Cranfield Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIT_School_of_Electrical_&_Electronic_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Supinfocom Rubika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSK_International_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ISD Rubika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Daffodil International University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffodil_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Library_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Dalhousiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	The Governors of Dalhousie College and University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmers_Branch,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Aim Higher, Go Further
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damelin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietermaritzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dartmouth Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dartmouth College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	“Verily on Us is the guidance.” (Qur'an, 92:12)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malappuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darul_Huda_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue & Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePaul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Deen Dayal Upadhyay Gorakhpur University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deen_Dayal_Upadhyay_Gorakhpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	दीन दयाल उपाध्याय गोरखपुर विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Phantoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exton,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Desh Bhagat University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab,_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Bhagat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	देवि अहिल्या विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhya_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Assiduous, Diligent, Devoted, Creative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Commerce_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Dhankundi Shahnaj Siraj High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhankundi_Shahnaj_Siraj_High_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dharmsinh Desai University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsinh_Desai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dibrugarh University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Born For Greater Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_College,_Canlubang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Grigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Myungjin School (1906-1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dedicated to Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Avadh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faizabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	May All be Healthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ram_Manohar_Lohia_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Drew Theological Seminary (1867–1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Urbis Dubliniae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_League_of_Institutes_of_the_Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_Compact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Durham University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The graduate school of digital creativity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Artsup	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	An Owl (Cacahuète la chouette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDC_Paris_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Île-de-France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGADE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ESCP Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCP_Europe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ESME-Sudria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESME-Sudria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elles_Bougent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puntland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Africa_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mission Statement-East Central College will provide an environment for lifelong learning. Vision Statement-East Central College will connect its community to its future.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Central_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Fare_Music_Foundation	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Eastern Fare Music Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Fare_Music_Foundation	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Eastern Institute for Integrated Learning in Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Institute_for_Integrated_Learning_in_Management_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorethang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	HeRM (His Royal Majesty) the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Royals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisonburg,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mennonite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Pentecostal Collegiate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Institute (1900-1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Nazarene_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Napier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Generals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Aguinaldo_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Emilio Aguinaldo College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Envergan Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas  Enverga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1970–1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enverga_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Manuel S. Enverga University Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The school of expertise in computer science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Eulogio \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Eulogio \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogio_%22Amang%22_Rodriguez_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Humanities_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	European School of Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelical_Presbyterian_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelical_Presbyterian_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Theological_Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Trojans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Community of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Budapestinensis de Rolando Eötvös nominata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eötvös_Loránd_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	FLAME University Orange, FLAME University Yellow& FLAME University Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAME_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	With the justice we uphold.\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampang_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faculty_of_Law,_Thammasat_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A look to the future: Technological Federal University of Rio de Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Center_for_Technological_Education_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maracanã,_Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abaetetuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Institute_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cametá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Alagoas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of Goiás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Goiás	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Federal do Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abaetetuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cametá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Santa_Maria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fluendo Crescit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of Sergipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Sergipe	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_do_Araguaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Southern_and_Southeastern_Pará	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rondon_do_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Federal University of Technology – Paraná
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apucarana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Technology_–_Paraná	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade Federal do Vale do São Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_University_of_Vale_do_São_Francisco	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernambuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_University_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In Truth is Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Immaculate Conception Junior College, Felician College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felician_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Greenandwhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gateway_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Myers,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gulf_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Thrasher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Fordham College of Liberal Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_College_of_Liberal_Studies,_Fordham_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sapientia et Doctrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Graduate_School_of_Social_Service	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Conceicao_Rodrigues_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Baron von Steuben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Barons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steubenville,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_University_of_Steubenville	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_University_of_Berlin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Forschungsgemeinschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbottabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pant_University_of_Agriculture_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabelli_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Dumont_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education in Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	गान्धी बैषयीक़ महाबिद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_for_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khordha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold and brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	GITAM University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	GITAM College of Engineering (1980–2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In Scientia Securitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Garda Síochána College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_Síochána_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaelic_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guwahati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauhati_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(“For The Motherland Forever”)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Sir_John_Kotelawala_Defence_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Cougar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	(formerly \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_William_County,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	BuzzandRamblin' Wreck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_System_of_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Tech_main_campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Georgia Northwestern Technical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Northwestern_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	الجامعة الألمانية بالقاهرة
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_University_in_Cairo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Audere Sapiens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ghent University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Academia Gandavensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Glasgow Caledonian University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Caledonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Global Institutes, Amritsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab,_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Institutes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_and_field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TGOU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ग्लोबल ओपन यूनिवर्सिटी
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_Education_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Goethe University Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_University_Frankfurt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondwana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondwana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ίησοῦς Χριστός, Θεοῦ Υἱός, Σωτήρ\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_College_(Massachusetts)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Gordon Missionary Training School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Khawaja_Farid_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	श्रमेव जयते्
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Polytechnic_Nagriya_Mod_Etah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Government Polytechnic Nagariya Mod Etah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green,Maroon,Gold,Sky Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Arabic) بَسۡطَةً۬ فِى ٱلۡعِلۡمِ وَٱلۡجِسۡمِ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govt._M.A.O_College_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Allah has increased him abundantly in knowledge and stature.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Graduate Institute, IHEID, HEI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_Institute_of_International_and_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_College_of_Management_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_College_of_Management_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Graphic Era Hill University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Era_Hill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Way_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Great Southern Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Martin-d'Hères
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge-Love-Strength-Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinoba_Bhave_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let the noble thoughts come from all directions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_National_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Indraprastha_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil_Kumar_Tyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Nanak_Institute_of_Dental_Sciences_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Nanak_Institute_of_Dental_Sciences_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Gwynedd Mercy College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynedd_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Suresh Gyanvihar University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyan_Vihar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Sophie_Newcomb_Memorial_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Harrisburg Area Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_Area_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	الجامعة الهاشمية
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashemite_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden-Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Prince Edward Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Holland College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_education_in_Prince_Edward_Island	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	HPU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharya_Dev_Vrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arunachal_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Academic excellence in vibrant and proactive youth culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasugar_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Hiroshima University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lead me from Darkness to Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilya_Vishwavidyalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Holland College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Prince_Edward_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_College_(Indiana)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hult_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Lumberjacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Humboldt State College (1935–72)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcata,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mihi cura futuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Vera Religio Ac Scientia Vera (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1863–2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Propelling Punjab to a prosperous knowledge society.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral_Punjab_Technical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFA_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	IESE Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IESE_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjiv_Goenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subang_Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTI_International_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhya_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_University_(Gwalior)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Transforming Lives. Inventing the Future.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilocos_Sur_Polytechnic_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria,_Ilocos_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Foreign_Trade	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian Institute of Information Technology Design and Manufacturing, Kurnool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Information_Technology_Design_and_Manufacturing,_Kurnool	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	ज्ञानं सर्वहिताय (Jñānam Sarvahitāya)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Management_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajit_Balakrishnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Mass_Communication	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Mass_Communication	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian Institute of Tourism and Travel Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Tourism_and_Travel_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian Maritime University (भारतीय समुद्री विश्वविद्यालय)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indian School of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adi_Godrej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	भिन्नेष्वैक्यस्य दर्शनम्
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Statistical_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Sycamore blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Indiana State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Indiana State Normal School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Hoosiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lux et Veritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Bloomington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_College_of_Engineering_Coimbatore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institut Mines-Télécom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_Mines-Télécom	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_national_de_la_recherche_scientifique	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institut national de la recherche scientifique - Université du Québec (INRS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Choose your job, we take care of your training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_formation_par_l'action	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_supérieur_européen_de_gestion_group	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accreditation_Council_for_Business_Schools_and_Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khulna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Cost_and_Management_Accountants_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajshahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institute of Information Technology Bogra (IITB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Information_Technology_Bogra_(IITB)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponce,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayagüez,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Banca_y_Comercio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecibo,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Innovation_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Innovation_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	IIIT Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Institute_of_Information_Technology,_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_University_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petaling_Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyzstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaluga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Slav_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrozavodsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Iowa Agricultural College and Model Farm (1858–1898)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames,_Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MartiniqueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu_and_Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Yusuf_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Chamber_of_Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Commerce_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indoor_soccer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Istituto Europeo di Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istituto_Europeo_di_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Institute_of_Fashion_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	JU (যাদবপুর)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To Know Is To Grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadavpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadguru_Ramanandacharya_Rajasthan_Sanskrit_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadguru_Ramanandacharya_Rajasthan_Sanskrit_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahadurgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagan_Nath_University,_NCR	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jagiellonian University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of Kraków (1364-1817)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiellonian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Narain_Vyas_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Jainites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._G._Krishnadas_Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jaipur National University(JNU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jaipuria Institute of Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipuria_Institute_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	James Cook University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Isa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamia_Millia_Islamia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Częstochowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maine_(France)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Długosz_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_University_of_Applied_Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Education,  Enlightenment, Empowerment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jaypee Institute of Information Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Institute_of_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teterboro,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jesuit School of Theology of Santa Clara University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesuit_School_of_Theology_of_Santa_Clara_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jhulelal Institute of Technology, Nagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhulelal_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Chi_Nan_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jodhpur National University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_National_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Educating the next generation of Leaders in Sport Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Cruyff_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_J._Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Truth Shall Set You Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Johns Hopkins University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Biddle Memorial Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Biddle University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Arab_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Academic_Exchange_Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Jose Maria Aguirre T9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Aguirre_T9	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELAM_(Latin_American_School_of_Medicine)_Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_for_Christian_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In pursuance of excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	K.L.E Society's KLE College of Engineering and Technology (KLECET)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.L.E_Society's_KLE_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Red_Cross_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLE_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozhikode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCT_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozhikode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	KMU Institute of Medical Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMU_Institute_Of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	तमसोमा ज्योतिर् गमय । (Sanskrit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kasturba Medical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasturba_Medical_College,_Manipal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kortrijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sint-Katelijne-Waver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keele_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle-under-Lyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kellogg Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Creek,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Khwaja Fareed University of Engineering & Information Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawaja_Fareed_University_of_Engineering_and_Information_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahim_Yar_Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Latin: Oportet Eum Regnare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkes-Barre,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_(Pennsylvania)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Sancte et Sapienter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_College_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	King's University College at Western University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1954–1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_University_College_(University_of_Western_Ontario)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George's_Medical_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dental_Council_of_India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	URJC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Juan_Carlos_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicálvaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	KIMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohinoor-IMI_School_of_Hospitality_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kohinoor-IMI School of Hospitality Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarıyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nişantaşı
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koç_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehbi_Koç_Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuvempu_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Through Tireless Effort, Knowledge, and Understanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantlen_Polytechnic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kyiv National University of Trade and Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burshtyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_National_University_of_Trade_and_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolomyia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIT_Tipperary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	LIU Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIU_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roche_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To Seek, To Know, To Serve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	La Sierra Academy and Normal School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Southern California Junior College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sierra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Public_Gardens_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Falcons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bureau_for_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Thunderwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Through Trials to Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakehead_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Laksamana College of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksamana_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Voyageur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambda_(newspaper)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Charger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Bible_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue&White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Repulsae Nescia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Auburndale Female Seminary (1851–1852), Lasell Female Seminary (1852–1861), Lasell Seminary for Young Women (1861–1932), Lasell Junior College (1932–1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasell_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Paikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Latin: Truth conquers all)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Brantford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lee-Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Deo favente haud pluribus impar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université Laval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	LeTourneau Technical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTourneau_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Limkokwing Institute of Creative Technology (1991–2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limkokwing_University_of_Creative_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Group_of_Schools	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faridabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaya's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, Turquoise and Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linköping_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn–Benton_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Liu Institute for Global Issues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Institute_for_Global_Issues	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fortes fortuna adiuvat (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Moores_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Weatherill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University of North London,London Guildhall University, City of London Polytechnic, Polytechnic of North London, Northern Polytechnic Institute, North-Western Polytechnic, City of London College, Sir John Cass College of Arts and Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Computer_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelmsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ashcroft_International_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritate, Scientia, Labore (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	by Truth, Wisdom and Labour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loughborough_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Tech_University_College_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Professional_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Centre_for_Technology_in_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Ramblers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ad majorem Dei gloriam (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Loyola University Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Chicago	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Greyhounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Strong Truths Well Lived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Center for Community Service and Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyola_University_Maryland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/location	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._P._Rohilkhand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Creating the leaders in higher education with core values.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVN_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Discendo Floremus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Through learning we flourish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacEwan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mastery for Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Macdonald Campus ofMcGill University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Macdonald College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	And gladly teche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Maharajas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja's_College,_Ernakulam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Agrasen_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Maharaja Agrasen University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Manindra_Chandra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Manindra_Chandra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Maharshi Dayanand University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharshi_Dayanand_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijender_Kumar_Punia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, turquoise, burgundy, gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Metropolitan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mandelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	My Lord and My God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_Christian_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kuttikanam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	MBCET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Baselios_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Marino Institute of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	St. Mary's College Marino; Colaiste Mhuire, Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Institute_of_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Maritime College of Forest Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_College_of_Forest_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Martin College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marymount_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Direct Us by Thy Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Holiness, Knowledge, Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywood_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mato Grosso State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barra_do_Bugres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mato_Grosso_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontes_e_Lacerda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_School_of_Citizenship_and_Public_Affairs	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Scarlet and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Grandescunt Aucta Labore (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	McGill College or University of McGill College (1821–1885)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Mac the Marauder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Macmastrensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(medical_education)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Melbourne Polytechnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Sea-Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_University_of_Newfoundland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Excellence Morality Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_University_College_Ghana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Metropolitan South Institute of TAFE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_South_Institute_of_TAFE	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Hills,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Professionshøjskolen Metropol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarhus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rønne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mewar University knowlegge to wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mewar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittorgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squash_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple, Gray, Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Titans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Technical_College	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Georgia_Technical_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitat Miguel Hernández d'Elx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Hernández_University_of_Elche	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	State University of Minas Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Gerais_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Total quality management\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Mindanao Polytechnic State College(1991-2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Évry,_Essonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canby,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_West_Community_and_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Falls,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mizoram University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	MITS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mody_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Mo the Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	आधार सर्व विद्यानाम
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monad_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Up University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskoriatza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Polar Bears (Aurora & Boris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_State_University–Northern	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White and blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_Institute_of_Technology_and_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANUIES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Montgomery County Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pottstown,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université Montpellier 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier_2_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Béziers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Changing lives for a changing world
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Valley_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Hills,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mother Teresa Women's University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Motilal Nehru College (Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Nehru_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mott College is the Smart Choice!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Genesee Community College (1970–1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howell,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Technical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashburn,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allison_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mansbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mount Mercy University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mercy_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_of_Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Casey theCougar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cougars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Christian_College_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Patel_School_of_Technology_Management_and_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Patel_School_of_Technology_Management_and_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	N.C. Autonomous College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.C._Autonomous_College,_Jajpur	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	NBKR Institute of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBKRIST	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidyanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guwahati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETES_Institute_of_Technology_and_Science_Mirza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_Science_and_Technology_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	NFC-IEFR,UET Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFC_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Fertilizer_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Labor et Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaland_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsu,_Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agriculture_and_Food_Research_Organization	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapporo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	國防大學
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Defense_University_(Republic_of_China)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bade_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Move Forward.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Management_&_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	National Polytechnic University of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_University_of_Armenia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Technical_University_of_Athens	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Golias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blueandgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_(Philippines)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritati (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Hiberniae Nationalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The National University of Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhriz_of_Negeri_Sembilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Монгол Улсын Их Сургууль
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mongolia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khovd_(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Singapore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_the_Northeast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biliran,_Biliran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsicana,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock,_New_Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Patty the Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dura duranda alta petenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	New England College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Journey from Darkness to Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizon_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilottama_Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Newcastle University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_upon_Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantheswar_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipissing_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nirmala College, Muvattupuzha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nirmala College for Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_College_for_Women	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Noakhali Government College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noakhali_Government_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorQuest_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namsos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_North_American_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Aggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mind and Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Agricultural and Technical College of North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Agricultural_and_Technical_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red, White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	North Carolina State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green&gold;
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtenay,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Island_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_River,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blackish blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	आऩो भद्रा: क्रतवो यन्तु बिश्वत:
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	উত্তৰ লখিমপুৰ মহাবিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_India_Engineering_College_(Delhi)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_India_Engineering_College_(Delhi)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Redandblack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Idaho Holiness School (1913-1916), Northwest Holiness College (1916-1917), Northwest Nazarene College (1917-1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Commission_on_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Mindanao_State_College_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Northwestern University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	NavyandRed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest–Shoals_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Argonauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Notre Dame de Namur University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_de_Namur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_on_Education_for_Public_Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_L._Hanbury_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Southeastern_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_Colleges_of_Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandSilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueta_Hidatsa_Sahnish_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Nunavut Arctic College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Arctic_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington_Hills,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Panthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Dominican_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ten_Academic_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Ohiensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Clairsville,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlone_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Coyotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Institute_for_Studies_in_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_Engineering_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhubaneswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	OWL University of Applied Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostwestfalen-Lippe_University_of_Applied_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Hochschule Ostwestfalen-Lippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Learning Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_Mount_Carmel_Learning_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	CAPT.Nick Mylne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	CAE Oxford Aviation Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Aviation_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue and Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Seahorses, Pattseans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	PATTS College of Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Aviation_Authority_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Philippine Maritime Institute Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Fortuna Favet Fortibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Admirals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMI_Colleges_Bohol	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ponnaiyah Ramajayam Institute of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIST_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSG_College_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_University_(India)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Love your neighbour as yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Conceicao_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Institute_of_Public_Finance_Accountants	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy_School_of_Logistics_and_Management	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	School of Logistics and Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Navy_School_of_Logistics_and_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaspur,_Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandit_Sundarlal_Sharma_(Open)_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Institute_for_Research_in_Computer_Science_and_Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris-Saclay	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Paris-Saclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Park University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_College_(Saskatchewan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esterhazy,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	HopePatience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_School_International	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshvanath_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santarém,_Pará
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pará_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	PU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cézanne_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Quinn_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Institute_of_Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Centre	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Department_of_National_Defence_(Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Futurum Ædificamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogical_and_Technological_University_of_Colombia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Nittany Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_College,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Institute_of_Business_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Perth Institute of Business and Technology (PIBT)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Institute_of_Business_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lawley,_Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pamantasang Normal ng Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Normal_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agusan_del_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Service_Commission_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_State_College_of_Aeronautics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commission_on_Audit_of_the_Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Pacific Bible College (1902-1906), Deets Pacific Bible College (1906-1910), Nazarene University (1910-1917), Pasadena University (1917-1949), Pasadena College (1949-1973), Point Loma College: An Institution of the Church of the Nazarene (1973-1983), Point Loma Nazarene College (1983-1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Loma_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_Milan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1952–1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_(sport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Athletic_Association_of_Schools,_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Mighty Maroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Parañaque	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Quezon_City	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	San Juan Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	San Pedro Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Pedro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tanglaw ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Athletic_Association_of_Schools,_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	PUPOY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Philippine School of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_System	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Taguig Titans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taguig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Minas_Gerais	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanhães
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	YellowandBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Alis Grave Nil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontifical_Catholic_University_of_Rio_de_Janeiro	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Universidad_Católica_del_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Research_Laboratory	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_College,_South_Dakota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Catholic_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidency_University,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Preston Institute of Management Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Institute_of_Management_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_Yai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Songkla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surat_Thani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priydarshini_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Professionals' Academy of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals'_Academy_of_Commerce	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_(Gujrat)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujrat_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_(Gujrat)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Amer_Mahmood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_College_Kharian	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tug_of_war
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black and Old Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lafayette,_Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Catholica de Petro Pazmany Nominata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pázmány_Péter_Catholic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Gaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Queen's University at Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, black, green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_University_Belfast	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V._College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Working Men's College(1887–1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(một khuôn viên của The Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (Vietnamese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_University_Vietnam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho_Chi_Minh_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RNSitians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNS_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	RNS Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	south of the Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUSTA	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad Rafael Landívar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Landívar_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabazar_Science_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajalakshmi_School_of_Architecture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sriperumbudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	มหาวิทยาลัยเทคโนโลยีราชมงคลศรีวิชัย
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajamangala_University_of_Technology_Srivijaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Si_Thammarat_Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Kottayam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Institute_of_Technology,_Mumbai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenns,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappahannock_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_William,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	RTMNU, NU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrasant_Tukadoji_Maharaj_Nagpur_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Crow_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Crow_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia Et Virtus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Mataas na Paaralan ng Agham Panrehiyon ng Rehiyon I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_High_School_for_Region_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Dona Francisca Lacsamana de Ortega Memorial National High School Annex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Strength, courage, truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grahamstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	William M. Rice Institute for the Advancement of Literature, Science and Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Educate, Enlighten, Empower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riphah_International_University_Faisalabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ritsumeikan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsumeikan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusatsu,_Shiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Blue Thunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Association_of_State_Universities_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizvi_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Hall	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Pueris his dedit Deus scientiam (And to these children God gave knowledge (Daniel 1:17))
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rockland Community College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	College of Osteopathic Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Vista_University_College_of_Osteopathic_Medicine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odiongan,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romblon_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Andres,_Romblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Lakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dedicated to the enlightenment of the human spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Collegium Rosemontense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Institute_of_Management_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_College_at_Burlington_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	To be, rather than to seem (to be)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_Saint-Jean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Virtual_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Royal Military College of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Military_College_of_Canada	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Queen's University of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_University_of_Ireland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Ruhr-University Bochum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhr_University_Bochum	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Academic_Exchange_Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rungta R1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungta_Group_Of_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Rutgers Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_Business_School_–_Newark_and_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_School_of_Health_Related_Professions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piscataway,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evanston,_Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Eggy the Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SP Jain Institute of Management and Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[202.0,491.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Research	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Best in You, Made Possible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEGi_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subang_Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIES_Graduate_School_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navi_Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	' Sanskrita Stree Parashakti '
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNDT_Women's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SNDT Women's University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Arabian CamelandAsian Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOAS,_University_of_London	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SRM University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRM_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SUNY Broome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNY_Broome_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvananthapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUT_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_P_Jain_School_of_Global_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitish_Jain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_Flight_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sadhu Goureswar College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadhu_Goureswar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utkal_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Saifai Sports College, Saifai (Etawah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai_Sports_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saifai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_Higher_Secondary_School_(Dhaka)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université Saint-Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahlé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Age Quod Agis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	What You Do, Do Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_(Halifax)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_University_of_Minnesota	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and Gold (athletic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Vincent_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Shape your future,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sakarya University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakarya_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_University,_Lokoja	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokoja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal Blue,White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Seahawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Regina_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_of_Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundra_Institute_of_Maritime_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kolehiyo ng San Beda Alabang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Beda_College_Alabang	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Christian_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Leadership Starts Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	San Diego State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	San Diego State College (1960–1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	California State University, San Diego (1972–1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Gators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	San Francisco State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	California State University, San Francisco (1972-74)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Society_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Tomorrow in the making
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Polytechnic	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Art is long, life is short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Savannah College of Art and Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_College_of_Art_and_Design	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	सावित्रीबाई फुले पुणे विद्यापीठ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitribai_Phule_Pune_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sawai Man Singh Medical College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_ManSingh_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Pedagogical_and_Technological_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marousi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institut d'études politiques de Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciences_Po	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy,_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Church_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Seoul Institute of the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Institute_of_the_Arts	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	서울예술대학교
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SEFA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_d'exploitation_de_la_formation_aéronautique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Cobalt,White,Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SZABIST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	(SZABIST) Shaheed Zulfikar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_the_Universities_of_the_Islamic_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_University_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(Bangladesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	AT THE CUTTING EDGE OF TECHNOLOGY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamar_Medical_and_Dental_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Physicians_and_Surgeons_Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanmugha_Arts,_Science,_Technology_&_Research_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sharda University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharda_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Garnet & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Pro Christo Et Humanitate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Negro_College_Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-i-Kashmir_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sher-i-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-i-Kashmir_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu_and_Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Siena Heights University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Siena Heights College (1939&ndash;1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena_Heights_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocklin,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ars longa vita brevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Art is long, Life is short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpakorn_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	มหาวิทยาลัยศิลปากร
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Petter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Clan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Qualifications_Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax,_Nova_Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobey_School_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFA_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Instituto Tecnológico de Sonora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Instituto Justo Sierra (Justo Sierra Institute), Instituto Tecnológico del Noroeste (Northwestern Institute of Technology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	South Valley University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aswan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Dark red and black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sotoniensis Soluente Universitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Solent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Head,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Careers_Institute	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Southern Careers Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Careers_Institute	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	SCU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwardsville,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_University	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_Salukis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	[[#Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_Hampshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooksett,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chandrasekharendra_Saraswathi_Viswa_Mahavidyalaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Gowthami_Degree_and_PG_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himachal_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	ಶ್ರೀ ಸಿದ್ದಾರ್ಥ ಉನ್ನತ ಶಿಕ್ಷಣ ಅಕಾಡೆಮಿ /ಶ್ರೀ ಸಿದ್ದಾರ್ಥ ವಿಶ್ವವಿದ್ಯಾಲಯ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Academy_of_Higher_Education	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SSMC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Siddhartha_Medical_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumkur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sivasubramaniya_Nadar_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Berchmans College (Autonomous)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SB College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Berchmans_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard's_School_of_Theology_and_Ministry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard's_School_of_Theology_and_Ministry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[259.0,369.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Xavier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antigonish,_Nova_Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Jerome's University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jerome's_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College,_Belize	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	I make free men from children by means of books and a balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. John's Regional Seminary, Kondadaba (Philosophate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Seminary_(Philosophate)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Regio SeminarumM SanctusS Iohannes (Philosophia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Johns River State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatka,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_State_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badminton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_University_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Life, Light, Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_College,_Palai	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent_Pallotti_College_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Nihil Ultra (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St. Xavier's College, Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Xavier's_College,_Kolkata	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Raj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrew's_Greek_Orthodox_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrew's_Greek_Orthodox_Theological_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_College_of_Divinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin's_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrow-in-Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	St Mary's University, Twickenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_University,_Twickenham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Intellectum da mihi, Domine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Give me understanding, Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Coláiste Phádraig, Má Nuad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Patrick's_College,_Maynooth	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynooth_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shropshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_University_of_New_York_College_of_Environmental_Science_and_Forestry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Pokkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	''Maties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Stellenbosch University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Per aspera ad astra (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Stevens Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Kolej Antarabangsa Stradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	thumb|Stradford International College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradford_International_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandSilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia est potentia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Strathclyde Law Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Law_School__6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Rams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Law_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Sharif_Ali_Islamic_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassanal_Bolkiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	University studeatur mundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_National_Agrarian_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Sumy National Agrarian University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gif-sur-Yvette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supélec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Skylanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Swami Rama Himalayan University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Rama_Himalayan_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	SRT Marathwada University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Academic: Red, silver and black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Gweddw crefft heb ei dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College of Swansea, University of Wales Swansea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinburne_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineers_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_José_dos_Campos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santos,_São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	TIAS School for Business and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIAS_School_for_Business_and_Society	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Autonomous_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Talcher Autonomous College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Autonomous_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Dr._Ambedkar_Law_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Ganganagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantia_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Council_of_Homoeopathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon,Golden Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TSU Firefox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Science_Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taubman_College_of_Architecture_and_Urban_Planning	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Institute_of_Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Cologne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leverkusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Technical University of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_University_of_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugby_union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Educational_Institute_of_Western_Macedonia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_for_North_American_Higher_Education_Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_A&M_University_at_Qatar	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Texas State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarillo,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Tech_University_Health_Sciences_Center	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purple & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[837.0,1441.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong,_Shenzhen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_University_of_Hong_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The Oxford Educational Institutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Educational_Institutions	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Quansem Ilep (To strive ahead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Rivers_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	'Shreshtam Malayalam'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Thunchath Ezhuthachan Malayalam University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunchath_Ezhuthachan_Malayalam_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	തുഞ്ചത്തെഴുത്തച്ഛൻ മലയാളസർവകലാശാല
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue, White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	TCC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Community_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Beach,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	We don't do different things we do things differently
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_H_Institute_of_Science_and_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	TIST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Where Character is Developed with Intellect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa_Falls_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Biblical_Higher_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_School_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Purpleandwhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Troy Trevecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevecca_Nazarene_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	A Mighty Fortress Is Our God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Trinity Western University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Western_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vasa vetenskapliga bibliotek Tritonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritonia_Academic_Library	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Åbo_Akademi_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	We empower people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshwane_University_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelspruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEI_Global	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludhiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UQ_Business_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universitas_21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_States_Association_of_Colleges_and_Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bill the Goat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Midshipmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Academy	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Autonomous University of Nuevo León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Nuevo_León	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Nicolás_de_los_Garza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Neo Mundi Decanatus (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Dean of the New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Autónoma_de_Santo_Domingo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_los_Caballeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_Del_Pacífico_–_Ecuador	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confucius_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_San_Francisco_de_Quito	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berklee_College_of_Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	For my country, science and progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_del_Noreste	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Malaysian University of Sabah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sabah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeoh_Tiong_Lay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UNIMAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Malaysia_Sarawak	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	School of Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1973–1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Putra_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Kreatif, Inovasi & Bertenaga (2014-present)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universiti_Tenaga_Nasional	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_of_Mechanical_Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College Lillebælt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Lillebaelt	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vejle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University College Sydddanmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_South_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Næstved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vordingborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Zealand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roskilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshari_Nath_Tripathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Science,_Technology_&_Agriculture	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Assessment_and_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bø,_Telemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porsgrunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_Southeast_Norway	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notodden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_of_the_North	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology,_Kurukshetra_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UVCEians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University Visvesvaraya College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Visvesvaraya_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamale,_Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_for_Development_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wa,_Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Angus the Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Aberdeen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Black, white, red, gold and blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Adelaide	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Allahabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Generatim discite cultus (Latin.Virgil,GeorgicsII)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bath	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Bedfordshire	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universiti Brunei Darussalam (UBD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Brunei_Darussalam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Seri_Begawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calcutta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Gaelic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Calgary	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Berkeley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Irvine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bobcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Merced	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Association_of_Schools_and_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat lux (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of California, Riverside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Riverside	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of California, San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let there be light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of California, Santa Barbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Barbara	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Students_of_the_University_of_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/League_of_European_Research_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_(universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Good Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cape_Town	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Higher_Education_Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Asia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naryn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Asia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekeli,_Kazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Central_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_Muhammad_Rafique_Rajwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chester	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Ralphie(bison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder,_Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Colorado_Boulder	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	DU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Delhi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dublin	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_College_Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Do Different
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_ARC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Oilthigh Dhùn Èideann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Morrison_(TV_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lucem sequimur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Exeter	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Smith_(academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Universities_Research_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fort_Hare	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	School of Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	[0.0,66.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Glasgow_School_of_Law__3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Guelph	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mirvish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	BlueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Ipsa Scientia Potestas Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hagen	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green, White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hawaii_at_Manoa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	香港大學
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Committee_(Hong_Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hong_Kong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leung_Chun-ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Huddersfield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gachibowli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Hyderabad	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Illinois orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champaign,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Indonesia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Johannesburg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kashmir	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Kent	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_at_Medway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_KwaZulu-Natal	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lahore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Live knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Lausanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Schola Lausannensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Leges Juraque Cognoscamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Leeds	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Fiat Lux (Latin: \
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lethbridge	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Lincoln	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Freedom through wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madeira	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Doctrina Vim Promovet Insitam (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Madras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	சென்னைப் பல்கலைக்கழகம்
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Madras	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Universidad Técnica del Estado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Magallanes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porvenir,_Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is the Source of Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malaya	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_University_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Malta	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Patria Scientia et Virtus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Athletic_Association_of_Schools,_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Manila	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universidad_de_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Business_Education_Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Mannheim BlueandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mannheim	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Network_for_Training_Economic_Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	True GrittheRetriever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Retrievers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_Baltimore_County	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Maryland Agricultural College (1856–1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Maryland,_College_Park	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_System_of_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amherst,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Massachusetts Amherst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amherst,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumble_R._Subbaswamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Boston	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_State_Colleges_and_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piscataway,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkville,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_of_Eight_(Australian_universities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The man is only realized at the service of the man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuevo_León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Monterrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_International_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	न हि ज्ञानेन सदृशम्
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Mysore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Varsity Reds(Fredericton), Seawolves (Saint John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Brunswick	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College Séraphique (1939–1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_England_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Scientia Manu et Mente (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	MaroonandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Newcastle_(Australia)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Excellence in Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Πανεπιστήμιο Λευκωσίας (Greek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nicosia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light and liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1789–1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[2239.0,896145.0]
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Smatresk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Texas State Normal College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1923–1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	North Texas State College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1949–1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_North_Texas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	(1961–1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	goldandgreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Timberwolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Northern_British_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Notre_Dame_Australia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Trent_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	The University: Notts Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	House of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	House of Social Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nottingham_Malaysia_Campus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[491.0,837.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nova_Gorica	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Greyhound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	UNC Greyhounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Nueva Caceres (UNC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidad de Nueva Caceres''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	15pxRed and Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naga,_Camarines_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinalupihan,_Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Nueva_Caceres_-_Bataan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Institute of Technology'''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Ontario Instituto Technologiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ontario_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Oregon Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Mens agitat molem (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[1342.0,2239.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oregon	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Gee-Gees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Kusyushy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Ottawa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oxford	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Quakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Gutmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Perpignan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Petroleum & Energy Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Petroleum_and_Energy_Studies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Transvaal University College(1908–1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pretoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[6414.0,11013.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Provence	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	राजस्थान विश्वविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rajasthan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Indian_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Cougars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Reims_Champagne-Ardenne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaumont,_Haute-Marne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The will to progress, innovate, and undertake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Rennes_1	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Brieuc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Roehampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compostela_Group_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Augustinian, Agustinian or Agustino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Sancti Agustini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Agustin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iloilo_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Diego Torero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Toreros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_San_Diego	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Emitte Spiritum Tuum (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Santiago de Compostela - USC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santiago_de_Compostela	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universidade de Santiago de Compostela - USC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Bengal Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Santo Tomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Santo_Tomas	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Sargodhians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	De'Montmorency College of Shahpur Sadr (1929-1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sargodha	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandi_Bahauddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Green and yellow and white
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	[0.0,1800.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stoicheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Saskatchewan Huskies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Deo et Patriae (For God and Country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Saskatchewan_College_of_Law	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sheffield	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Silesiensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Silesia_in_Katowice	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Asia_(Pakistan)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Bulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of South Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Florida	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Genshaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Prifysgol De Cymru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Strenuis Ardua Cedunt (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southampton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Heights Yield to Endeavour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	None.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The former motto ofOdense Universitywas Fructus Increscit Opera Novo In Agro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbjerg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Denmark	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Maine	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorham,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Southern Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Southern_Queensland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	University College of Southern Queensland (1990–1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[3701.0,6414.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St._Thomas_(Texas)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[83.0,167.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	St Leonard's College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Sancti Andreae apud Scotos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universities_Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_St_Andrews	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Stihler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Strathclyde	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Suffolk	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_East_Anglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Surrey	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guildford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sussex	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Ochre, Yellow & Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Latin: Sidere mens eadem mutato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney_Faculty_of_Dentistry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camperdown,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Sydney_Faculty_of_Dentistry	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red,Black,Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Spartacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tampa	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The Field is Open to Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tasmania	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston,_Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	In the Name of God for Mankind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Technology,_Malaysia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburg,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Brownsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_Rio_Grande_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Padre_Island,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Cultivated mind is the guardian genius of democracy.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_Austin	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rowdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_at_San_Antonio	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Texas_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	As a tree through the ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Swoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Utah	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songdo_International_Business_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Victoria	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Society_for_Intercollegiate_Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(The Best Inspiration is Truth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor,_Gwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wales_Trinity_Saint_David	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Huskies(\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Lux sit (Latin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Waterloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Waterloo	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	JW the Mustang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Truth and usefulness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	The University of Western Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Western_Ontario	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Research_Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	The Lancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Windsor	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Let Light and Truth Flourish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Winnipeg	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Blue Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Wisconsin–Manitowoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Manitowoc	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitowoc,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wollongong	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Zaragoza	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mytilene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Aegean	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of the Azores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponta_Delgada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Azores	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponta_Delgada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	中国科学院大学
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Chinese_Academy_of_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Public_and_Land-grant_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_District_of_Columbia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caloocan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_East_Caloocan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Fraser_Valley	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge Truth Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Gambia	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_College_of_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of the Pacific (1911–1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Pacific_(United_States)	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Union_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Eggplant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	[0.0,2.643E10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_People	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Unibersidad ng Pilipinas Diliman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Diliman	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Pacific_Rim_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	15px|borderUP MaroonandUP Forest Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Unibersidad ng Pilipinas Maynila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Philippines_Manila	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Blue,Bronze,Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjab_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Punjab	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_Muhammad_Rafique_Rajwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Buccaneers or Lady Buccaneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	College of the Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Virgin_Islands	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[2303.0,3701.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Augustine,_Trinidad_and_Tobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Light Liberty Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_England	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Commonwealth_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Francesca the Phoenix (Sports Union), Burnie the Pyro (American Football), Wolfie Wolf (Rugby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	Paisley College of Technology, Paisley College, University of Paisley, Bell College of Technology, Bell College, Craigie College of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_of_Scotland	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumfries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Western_Cape	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Higher_Education_Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Wits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_of_Tertiary_Institutions_of_the_Northern_Metropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Witwatersrand	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Habib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[0.0,202.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Università_degli_Studi_eCampus	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novedrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Seat of Wisdom, Seat of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Catholica Lovaniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_catholique_de_Louvain	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Super Blue (French: Super Bleu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Blue Eagles (French:Aigles Bleus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Moncton	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Université de Moncton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Royal blue, white and black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	It shines by faith and knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitas Montis Regii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Montréal	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Veritatem in charitate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	(Truth in charity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Universitatis Sherbrookensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_de_Sherbrooke	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	University of Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Il faut le savoir (It must be known)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_en_Abitibi-Témiscamingue	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouyn-Noranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sept-Îles,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Chicoutimi	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Interuniversity_Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GreenOrange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	&White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Université_du_Québec_à_Trois-Rivières	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Knowledge is power , Knowledge is light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urea_Sar_Karkhana_School_&_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Computing_Education_Accreditation_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Institute_of_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/NED_University_of_Engineering_and_Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_University_of_Medical_Sciences	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNR_Vignana_Jyothi_Institute_of_Engineering_and_Technology	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_India_Council_for_Technical_Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Christian_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	blue&green;
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Mariners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardhaman_Mahaveer_Open_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_of_Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	वसंतराव नाईक मराठवाडा कृषि विद्यापीठ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantrao_Naik_Marathwada_Agricultural_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Council_of_Agricultural_Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	La dynamique de la connaissance et de l'innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The dynamics of knowledge and innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vélizy-Villacoublay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantes-la-Ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Rams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Valley_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_University,_San_Bernardino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vidya Vardhaka College of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Vardhaka_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[11013.0,25196.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_University_of_Economics_and_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_MBAs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Chicago maroon and Burnt orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Church,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	[0.0,33465.3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Tech_Pamplin_College_of_Business	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Orange, White and Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vajubhai_Vala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvesvaraya_Technological_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlerick_Leuven_Gent_Management_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katholieke_Universiteit_Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Amsterdam	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Vrije Universiteit Brussel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etterbeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_School	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uday_Salunkhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHU-Otto_Beisheim_School_of_Management	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhineland-Palatinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poznań
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gdańsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toruń
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSB_Universities	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toruń
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Walla Walla University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_(state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Butch T. Cougar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Washington State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#differentFrom	http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[1441.0,2303.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	পশ্চিমবঙ্গ রাষ্ট্রীয় বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Grants_Commission_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Red and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Coalinga	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hills_College_Lemoore	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himamaylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negros_Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Visayas_State_University,_Calinog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_New_England_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	Maroon & White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	The Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmont_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Westwood College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Wharton County Junior College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_County_Junior_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	Willy The Wildcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Golden Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lee-Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_to_Advance_Collegiate_Schools_of_Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Laurier_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	جامعة العلوم الإسلامية العالمية
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Islamic_Sciences_and_Education_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Maritime_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	World University of Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_University_of_Bangladesh	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	GoldandWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	Gold Rush / Gold Nuggets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_University_of_Louisiana	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Intercollegiate_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Yangon Institute of Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[167.0,259.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Institute_of_Economics	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamayut_Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Yarmouk University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	[25196.0,813000.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouk_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irbid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	यशवंतराव चव्हाण अभियांत्रिकी महाविद्यालय
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshwantrao_Chavan_College_of_Engineering	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	York Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	The way must be tried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Ontario_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_University	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamdouh_Shoukri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	[0.0,175525.6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_College	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_Polytechnique_Fédérale_de_Lausanne	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_University_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	École des Ponts ParisTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_des_ponts_ParisTech	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParisTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	\
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	[0.0,83.0)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'administration_publique	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	http://dbpedia.org/resource/France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_d'ingénieurs_de_Tarbes	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnic_Institute_of_Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_nationale_de_l'aviation_civile	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	Computer science and information technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_pour_l'informatique_et_les_techniques_avancées	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villejuif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/École_supérieure_des_sciences_commerciales_d'Angers	http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse
